Send my ashes to the stars

Darkness descends as she hunts among them
Call forth now her beauty of northern lore

Shines among the cliffs and moors
Kinship with sage and druids of elder shores
Illumination, lanterns for harboured keeps

Primal existence bestow on us now
Queen bestowed with wisdom of ancient sight
Owls perch upon her handsOh Therion Master, Lord of the double-wand...
 Dictator Aiwass, Minister of Hoor-Poor-Kraat...
 Goddess nuit, The bending woman like the arch in the nightsky...
 The law of Thelema, Love is the law, love under will...

 Do what thou wilt! This is the law!
 Every man(and woman)... ...is a star.

 Equinox, collected works for his magical order...
 Liber oz, sending forth thine rights of man...
 Cry of the hawk, Hoor hath a secret fold name...
 (It is) Do what thou wilt, see us through the realm of temptation...

 ...Of the gods! Liber oz!
 ...As thou wilt! ...Of the hawk!

 There is no law beyond... 
 Dictation of the book of the law, 
 bringeth forth by the one of Hoor-Poor-Kraat.
 Divinitive gaze from Rose in the trance,
 in awe of the holy pyramid of horus... Holy guardian angel...

 Ode to thee, oh Therion Master, 
 King of magical works. 
 To find the ways of the Dawn,
 to lead the ways of the star. 
 To meet the Divine contact, 
 Egyptian Lord Perdurahu
 Show me the ways of magic lust, 
 oh Therion Master, Fraternally yours(666)...

 Ode to thee... Trinity...
 Therion... Vengeful beast... Cometh forth!

 Golden dawn, Secret fundamentals of the Quabalah...
 Silver Star, retaliation from Mcgregor Mathers...
 Orientus, Order of knights of Oriental Templars...
 Konx om Pax, Tien Tao: The Synagogue of Satan!

 Therion! Baphomet! 666... The Beast!Darkness within
Feeble light 

See through my eyes 
All the shame I have inside 
How sorry I am 
So much tears because of me 

My cold winter pain 
Has kept me away from your soul 
A sombre smile of innocence 
Is lost forever in the snow 
  
I was the one who tried to feel warmth again 
You were the one who made me believe again 
Remember the hours passed with passion 
You (only) remember your darkest sorrow 

Prey for life again 
Just a little sign of faith 
To believe the truth in me 

Give me a grip in life again 
Let me see the sun one last time 
Forget the past, it's only pale souvenirs   
Filled with tears and shameful darknessThe death is around me
God is far from me
I see the evil, in my heart
The death is all around me
Please rescue from this hell!
I feel the end in my soul

Rescue me!
From this hell or I die 
I serve the light, remember this! 

Death, I will be your death!
Where is your authority?

Jesus says:
Destroy the blasphemous gate of malediction
March on the ashes of the black empire
Destroy the infamous rites of desolation
March on the ashes of the black empire
This inner desperation is sort of malefic religious

No clammy hands can alter me
My God! 

Remove the tears from my eyes 
Take me in your hands
And never feel fear again

Wind be my lord
You are
Wind be my lord

You take me away
From this world before I dieAs some blades piercing my flesh
I tear myself to pieces
With the poisoned blade

Sometimes this gave me life
Or was it someone?

She disappeared long ago
In a flowing river of memories

Where I lie somewhere dear
The leaves fall in a tomb of mine
Where I lay to rest
For an eternity of lonelinessI am ballistic
A cannibal, making them suffer with my drill
Boiled flesh heads decapitated in my freezer
Putrefaction genitals jarred, my meal to be
Jeffrey Dahmer feeding of bodies, disposing of limbsBegotten in rape
Blood of the giants runs in his veins
Mother gave way to him on this world
The outset of new splendid legend

The fairest hair around his face
Beautiful, healthy, strong body
Surrounded with dwarves, brought up by the- dwarves
He had no equal to him

The seven summers passed fast
Child in Black Forest, alone
Fear, darkness, Nature and strength
Wolves and the forest demons around him
Slavic God of Fire protected him
Then fear he defeated,
His place in the house was restored
Yet that wasn't his own people
But Destiny came to him
Giantess of untold beauty
Became his lover and mother
She shaped and guided his fate

Yearning to act - this lethal sickness
Drove him to the adventure
The only cure for despair
Are the praiseworthy deeds

Is he a dwarf ? or is he a giant?
Your value is proven by you

The life-goal is to be in power
For power is sweeter than honey
More pleasant than her bosom
Shall you known its secrets
The power is by your sideFeast upon the living flesh, drink the blood of the nameless one, not caring for its cries or pleads for mercy, tonight it dies, so I may live. Ones demise shall give me life the fore, the essential fluid that emits life. I will take with no remorse tonight its end is nigh.

From blood drinker, I'll turn to ghoul. I'll consume both the blood and the flesh, tonight your bed is one of the earth and you'll sleep the sleep of death. As I feast on the sweet nectar of life. I'll oust secrets from the guts of this once breathing lice to obtain knowledge from the dead if I will it for necromancy is my greatest pleasure.
Tonight's first kill was easy prey preoccupied with the wench that he mounted. Grasping hold of its happy little head tearing from its trunk

From this one that I now devour, I find it has victims of its own only for sexual pleasures the lowest form of the human worm. Lacerating the cranium dislodged and ripped out of the brain, the juices of this organ I savor the most. When there is nothing more that I care to seek out in this one's hollow head. I'll drain him dry, leave his remains, food for the maggots. Then I see coming up from behind a challenge to be met, the knife he yields makes me want to laugh as I crush his bony little skull, down he goes with not even a whimper but, he to me is like the rest of the scum, substance for a vampire. But what of the wench thou ask, what hath become of her this night doubt thee, angel of demise.
Ripping through the flesh and drain thy blood from this wench who struggles for life. I shall leave her clutching her steaming guts decapitated and drain dry. My thirst for now has been fulfilled, the sun is on the rise, so for now I shall rest for the blood that I have consumed from these three.
And as I sleep, the blood will be adsorbed by the parasite within, that animates my once human form. For it is the reasoning of my undead existence, the justification for my blood lust and as nix comes to fall, I shall arise and set forth my nocturnal thirst for blood, for again this night I shall feed on thy blood of the insolent man. For these that I have slain, it shall not matter man is too ignorant of what lurks in the night another static to add to their list another piece of forgotten flesh.

From blood drinker, I'll turn to ghoul. I'll consume both the blood and the flesh, tonight your bed is one of the earth and you'll sleep the sleep of death.Ghastly souls
Spoke words untold
Brooding offermort
In chaos savage
Beside your instincts
On Malicious time
A mass illusion
Blind man

It's standing there
Behind the shadows
The moon is setting
Holds the only light
Watching with its dead eyes
Consume the absence
At eleventh hour
You don't have a chance

How the world
It's too old
Cold fingers wrap
By a black mass

In mystery of time
Heritage of tomorrow
Your last life drops
Falling into infinityA memory of a time
When we were proud to live our dreams
There'll be no compromise
Standing tall, we will be supreme

PRE-CHORUS:
No-one could crush our will to be
This time we're gonna make them see...

CHORUS:
The resurrection time is now
Forever we survive
Back from the grave to take control
Forever...
The resurrection time is now
Returning from the fire
We have the strength, we have the power
Forever we survive...

They tried to tear us down
Rape our hearts and steal our dreams
This time we won't hold back
Glory bound, we claim our victory...

REPEAT PRE-CHORUS and CHORUS

SOLO: Both

BRIDGE:
Standing tall and standing proud
The beast inside is breaking out...

SOLO: Tim / Stu / Both

REPEAT CHOURSle roi nu
how could he not see
the lingering pest
beneath him

rei nu
a coward with a crown
and a court of scum
dying

le roi nu
only looks to himself
and sees noone else
the tyrant

he worships the gods
but does the devil's work
to gain his favor
and fails to impress

le roi nu
how could he not see
the impending storm
infernal

ignoring the signs
of his obvious doom
he never looked down
and the people ate him

the king is dead
let's celebrate his death
by following in
his footsteps

the king is dead
let's celebrate our death
by crowning
another one


today
we rejoice
today
we've won
and yet the irony
is that the king is naked
and so are we

today
we feast
today
the day's ours
and yet the irony
is that the king is naked
and so are weDifferent thoughts and different meanings
I try to justify her truth
Hide emotions behind reason
Control seems closer to abuse
When tears no longer show her pain
I'll commit her to reveal my name

It does not hurt... it never did...
It does not hurt... I won't submit...

Kisses from a distant dream
Another mind has left, but she
Remembers only what she knew
Our world was just a piece of truth, for
Less was said than done, and thus
I close my eyes before this past
Not to build up constantly
A future we will never see

Es tut nicht weh... es geht vorbei...
Es tut nicht weh... verzeih... verzeih...

Different times and different reasons
But all I've ever known is you
Unable to erase my feelings
That caused the pain that I went through
No longer try to understand
I'll learn to trust, please take my hand(Instrumental)Faith Open my mind Blood Wash my hands
Death Give me power Goat Is the only master

Give me power to drink my enemies' blood
Give me power to crush and to grind

In the universe of pain
In the castle of my revenge
In the forest of darkness in cold winds
Goat raise my power

In the sea of black worms
In the abyss of deadly deamons
Under the sign of total genocide
I`m calling you

Goathorned Lord!Take my pale hand
And scream into the wind
I shall drown your face
In bottomless seas of grey

And carnage ensued
As manifolds of skin
Were torn apart in fury
By the claws of time


The merciless pace
Of space and time
Will force you unto your knees
With screams of agony

The end of the sky
Opens up before you
Wall of black never-ending
A most impressive sight


From gas we emerged
Hatred reveals its face
Full of sores and blisters
Only death can set you free

Cowards longing to die
Their bodies, so lifeless
Too weak to stand
Carressing the filth

Born with fatal illness
Known to most as 'life'
Tormented by the imminence
Of death at the end

Engulfed in poppy haze
A torrent of scorn
Loosed upon all life
You close your eyes and smile


The falseness of all life
Is the only thing
We will ever know for sure
Oh, what a relief


You lost yourself in grief
You left the world behind you
All light turned grey
As you approached the surface
Planes deprived of emotions
You wish to be an empty shell
Bathed in blood and dread
Detached from man and animal


Take my pale hand
And scream into the wind
I shall drown your face
In bottomless seas of grey

And carnage ensued
As manifolds of skin
Were torn apart in fury
By the claws of time


The merciless pace
Of space and time
Will force you unto your knees
With screams of agony

The end of the sky
Opens up before you
Wall of black never-ending
A most impressive sight


From gas we emerged
Hatred reveals its face
Full of sores and blisters
Only death can set you free

Cowards longing to die
Their bodies, so lifeless
Too weak to stand
Carressing the filth

Born with fatal illness
Known to most as 'life'
Tormented by the imminence
Of death at the end

Engulfed in poppy haze
A torrent of scorn
Loosed upon all life
You close your eyes and smile


Frost and fire collide
Joined in terrible distortions
The end of mortal coils
New beings emerge from the dark
Born out of destruction
They walk the void, indifferent
Without point of reference
Marching in the dark

Unaware of all surroundings
Beasts are raging in the dark
The earth shook and trembled
Under their mighty hooves
Rebellion against all values
War on the old world
Absorbing its misery
For souls do not exist

Betrayedwhy should I deny
that I will not resist
how could I decline
when I am still prone
welcome
to the weird travel through my wood
of uncertain emotions
the wedlock between laudable and barren dreams
welcome
to my world
a circus of nakedness
chase these thoughts away
take my lust away
welcome
to my inner side
enter the disaster
drill yourself into the fat
go inside
welcome
to the sexual and imperious art
chase these thoughts away
take my lust away
sell me a smile
and I will give you happiness
drowning in tears of hate
material man
tortured man
no man
hammer and the meat will die
through the laughing face
breaks a resounding disgust
it tries to inhale my life
it pins your flesh in my open mouth
my thoughts crawl into your hole
any nerve in an evil minefield
will burn me out
because home is where the lust lives
hammer until the meat is deadAnakim, Nephilim, Gibborim, Seraphim
Malakim, Hashmalim, Raphaim, Elohim.

Shamyasa, Jomael, Aramos, Satarel
Rehumel, Asmodai, Azazael, Bachanael.You say a lot by looking right through me
You don't care that I want to be me?
Your influence has got me hypnotized
How come I never realized?

It's time for me to open the door
To step outside and look for more
To leave behind this life on my own
The real world now to me is shown

I possess the wisdom
You won't make it on your own
I'll let you go for now
But you will never be alone

I'll lose the shackles that still bind me to you
There was a time when I was blinded by you
Now you only stain my sight
A strong reminder of the fright

The anguish, the sorrow, frustration and more
Liberty waits, when I walk through the door
Walking free I try to find my way
Immersed in a light I see another day

Now I follow my inner drive
I finally feel alive
There is a decision
Your choices have been made
The Fatekeeper has spokenThe galloping of the horses sounds closer
Silently on the mountains edge
We watch our enemies
Soon the battle will begin
To slay the mortal souls

With heart as stone and spirits of fire
We unleash the beast within
And attack in full glory

With swords in hands
We conquer the lands with might
With fury in our eyes we trap the human race
Crushing their lives and laws
Till they exist nomore
Soon the earth belongs to us in all eternity

With heart as stone and spirits of fire
We unleash the beast within
Born to slap humanity we attack in full glory(Instrumental)To get rid of our last temple
Cold like a grave
Through the storm of the primal lies
Under the sun of the filthy lambs
Crushing avenger from the blazing sky
Above the lake of the fleshles wolves
Reasoned a monotonous chant so grand
Anthem to our fall in the great masquerade
The eternal rest will never be found
Aphorisms stabbed the mortal allegories
When the blood poured without reason
Wings of eternity so pure - so white
Breathed a strong wind of hopes
First showers of a new black era
Leathers stained by the crimson streams
Appearance of the older stigmas
Sneaky rapture betrayed by grins

Riding the elements
The flight of a messiah
The flame which warmed my heart -
You - the majestic one

Drinking our tears sad countless tears
Freezing of all the black sins 
Weakening the primitive whiff
Gleaming the best from our lugubrious glint

Riding the elements
The flight of a messiah
The flame which warmed my heart -
You - the majestic one

Adrift on the water
Behind the immense walls of fog
Alone - tired and ill 
Out of the wounds come the slugs
Struck by the plague
Wrapped in the dark
Tarnished as my heart
The dying swan

To get rid of our last temple
Cold like a grave
Through the storm of the primal lies
Under the sun of the filthy lambs
I cry for the avenger of my blazing sky
Roarings above plains
The embrace of the evil on your distraught wings
I play to forget that I have pain
Black thoughts rot my lugubrious fate(Instrumental)Putrify...Eviserate...Abomination...Mutilate
Crucify...Desecrate...Another dies...Asphyxiate

I'll fuck your Mother's still warm corpse...I'll Sodomise
While Father sees it all through now lifeless eyes
No tears shall fall the blood will rain, Death's glassy stare
Mutilation, Uncreation of those you hold dear

Scream, Cry no one will come...I'm cloaked in fear
Bleed and die maggot, writhe in pain, no one will hear...you

Disfigured...Brutalise...Atrocity...In your eyes
Stygian...I decimate...Mangled...I seal your fate
Your life...I despise...Immolation...Hear your cries
Jugulation...Pain and fear...Trucidation...Your end is here

Crushing your head under my boot, insecticide
Stillborn ripped from your mother's womb, Aborticide
My vengeance upon hated life shall never tire
'Til my thirst for blood is sated, Man has expiredinvisibility. 

hostility. 

scrutiny. 

apathy. 

disability 

Not being believed causes pain and it hurts. 

isolation. 

depression. 

detestation. 

hallucination. 

devastation. 

Tell me. Do you feel like your brain still works?(Instrumental)Despondent in my way but what can I do?
A reason to be concerned when my rights are abused
Penchant for disorder, disorder for a cause
Helping hands make light work to smash down these walls,

To be taken advantage of
An opportunity for self gain
Fueled by selfish desire
To put right my ways
Pain fills my heart
Anger fuels my pain
A meaning for my reason
In a world that's so insane

Breathing down your neck time presses on
Can't change yesterday, It's already gone
I won't despair, I can't pretend
Take the bull by the horns and fight till the end

Enraged with good reason - is your cause for alarm
No subtlety in my reaction or my indignant charm
Fight for relief, choice of belief
What is to be taken away is the beginning of the end

To be taken advantage of
An opportunity for self gain
Fueled by selfish desire
To put right my ways
Pain fills my heart
Anger fuels my pain
A meaning for my reason
In a world that's so insane

Enraged with good reason - is your cause for alarm
No subtlety in my reaction or my indignant charm
Fight for relief, choice of belief
What is to be taken away is the beginning of the endThe ice starts to melt
Executing the ritual
The avalanches starts too
And your roars are the warning

Your fall is the sign of terror
That make everybody hide away
Except the thirteen warriors
Whose destiny was known... was known!

Dartherium, radioactive attack darther...

In the midnight sun your face was seen
Dartherium in glorious triumph
Tracing through tales, the silence of fear all feel

The celtic warriors are no cowards
Grasping ancient holy shields
And fighting against the death

Vitory was known
Dartherium speed along ice
Fed by the more brave blood
Came back vitorious to the shelter

With him, years of fight go out
With him, the hope goes out
And the glory of the celtic warriors, goes out!!!This city was built of glass
 No status of race, creed or class
 Follow the gold put your wealth at rest
 No possessions will make the tribute here
 Tongues forget how to pronounce time 
It's irrelevant to construction a missing blueprint
 Systematic pleasures an oasis to create
 So many kings in this place
 
Food upon the table clothes upon the back
 Fragrance applied generously thick
 With fists of gold clenched tight go blow for blow with the midas touch
 
The knights color outside the lines
 A mission of distribution
 The shade is hard to find
 
These hands will build it and they will take it away...
 
Deconstruct or construct it's all the same to the sculptor
 Manufactured life the product known well
 These gardens cover tracks 
The suspect disappears a magician of the build
 Power of powers who dare challenge magnificence?
 When it's at play there's so much to gain
 I will wear the blueprints upon my sleeve
 And the tools above the head
 
Standing high above mountains rejoice
 The flood never past our heads
 Always on the move the vessel stops for none
 Productivity on a rise answered by the one
 Throne made by lions so sit large!
 
Food upon the table clothes upon the back
 Fragrance applied generously thick
 With fists of gold clenched tight go blow for blow with the midas touch
 Has this path been laid for those that travel in servitude?
 Or can the giants lengthen their stride?
 
Raising the towers gluttonous expansion
 Honor of invisible worms
 To appease the birds eye!
 
These hands will build it and they will take it away!
 
Food upon the table clothes upon the back
 Fragrance applied generously thick
 With fists of gold clenched tight go blow for blow with the midas touch
 
Deconstruct or construct it's all the same to the sculptor
 Manufactured life the product known well
 These gardens cover tracks 
The suspect disappears a magician of the build
 Power of powers who dare challenge magnificence?
 When it's at play there's so much to gain
 I will wear the blueprints upon my sleeve
 And the tools above the head
 Power of powers who dare challenge magnificence?
 When it's at play there's so much to gain
 
Standing high above mountains rejoice!I'm simply not here
Non-existing in sadness
Overwhelmed by fears
I hate myself
The more the pain itches
The more I feel alive
Blood is my counterweight
The wounds are healing
but I'm not healed

Mental monologues keep me frustrated
Out of balance on the thin line called life
Progressively I'm wandering toward the edge
When will I fall down?

Smiles pass before me
I can't help but feel so fucking scared
Slowly but steady I crawl within myself
Hiding away from you

My mind slips
I tremble
Cannot get up
Please just kill me
There's nothing to do anymore

I can't help but smile all the way to the grave
Pain is like a drug to me nowWell, you know that it must be right.
If you've got that certain feeling.
You know that it can't go wrong,
Let's work it out some way.
If you've got love and understanding,
We'll make it stay together.
Forgive me if I hold on,
Our love will last forever.

Will you give your love to me,
In the Fear Of The Night.
Will you give your love to me,
When the time is right.
In the Fear Of The Night.
In the Fear Of The Night.

Now you've left and it's all turned black,
And the darkness closes in.
There'll be light when you come back,
But when will that be.
Time has passed and things have changed,
Now the night has turned to day.
I have lost that certain feeling,
And your the one to blame.

When you left me all alone,
And the fear was closing in.
Did you know what I was going through,
I couldn't see what to do.
Maybe I should feel the night,
I couldn't see what had the night.
What is wrong? Who can tell
What is right? Could it be Hell

Will you give your love to me,
In the Fear Of The Night.
Will you give your love to me,
When the time is right.
In the Fear Of The Night.
In the Fear Of The Night.

When the time is right - In the Fear Of The Night.
Give your love to me - In the Fear Of The Night.
In the Fear Of The Night (x2)
In the Fear Of The Night (x2)(Instrumental)I LEARN INTO THE WORLD, AND ONLY SEE
INVULNERABLE DARKNESS
NO OF PURITY
ROUNDS MY HUMILLATED WORLD
A WORLD INHABITATED 
BY VILENESS
BY DEATH
AND BY BLOOD


VEILED WISHPERS ARROUND ME
WAKES MY FROM
THIS DARK THINKING

I WALK ON THE STREETS
FOLLOWED BY MY BROTHERS OF THE NIGHT

THIRSTY ALL OF THEM
OF THE HUMAN FLESH
CONTAC OF THE TEPID LETHARGY
THAT MURDER CARRIERS
BUT WHILE I FEEL MYSELF


I LEARN INTO THE WORLD, AND ONLY SEE
INVULNERABLE DARKNESS
NO OF PURITY
ROUNDS MY HUMILLATED WORLD
A WORLD INHABITATED
BY VILENESS
BY DEATH
AND BY BLOOD!!!!Holy Hell, death to us 
Satan's fell, unholy lust 
Devil's water starts to flood 
God is slaughtered, drink his blood 

Our bonding, trust is at hand 
Go we must, to Satan's land 
Pray for death, and cry for life 
Reaper's breath will breathe new life 

Satan's child, he is born 
And to death he is sworn 
Days of hate, and days of pain 
Endless term of Satan's reign 

Endless dreams, in the night 
Eternal sleep, eternal fright 
Defiled crosses, oh black mass 
Satan's reigns, me at last 

[Solo: Larry] 

All of Heaven, all of earth 
You'll meet your god 
Chained to torment, chained to pain 
Like a dog 

Evil days and evil nights 
Are black as death 
Hearts of sinners, hearts of stone 
Reaper's breath 

There was blood and there was pain 
Ecstacy 
Rage of magic, rage of witches 
Sorcery 

Feel the power, feel the heat 
Down Below 
Kill the people, kill them dead 
Take their soul 

Blackened masses, blackened crosses 
Ritual 
Cut the heads, cut the throats 
Take the fallDecanto la putrefazione e morte allo schiavo
Intolleranza nell'adattamento umano
Servi larva e vermi fuoriLyrics By Guzman & PioliDriven to a screaming panic and fearof what reality bringsThe borders of sanity slowly fadea dissociative episode distorts my viewas every action may be doubted in the endFor the failure of perception quick deathmay serve as a cure for a shockmay bring the victim's mindto the Fields of Hallucination.....Step outside of yourselfIt's hard to see what's real, what's not,what in-betweenHow shall I ever know reliefEvery white wall has dripping grimeEvery white cloud holds a peering faceThese will hold their place for days and days....... They shall laugh at me for days and daysComing to a halt,crushed by what disorder bringsThe hovering chaos closes inLooking through the glassMy only view as every reactioncauses infliction of painwalking with the brute bride of lost sleepchronic insomnia takes me inI hear my screams,buy they seem so far awayI reach for my throat to muffle what my palms can't feelCan't sleep senses are numbedPerfect time to put the wrist to the steelWar is acclaimed for our legions 
Since thousands of years 
The odius eyes of the demon 
Tears waiting your order.

Satan-white and virgin souls 
Wait our tortures 
Satan-Devastation of heaven is eminent 
Satan-We acclaim your bloody order.

They will know wath our 
Unholy father hatred is 
God-Evil with laugh at heaven 
And at your simple words 
God-We will burn your bible 
Upon the angelical rests 
God-You pain is our wrath.

The beauty of your stinking world 
Will turn to morbid orgies 
The beauty of your stinkink world 
Will be spotted with his own blood(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Down the sour drains
Below the world you think you know
Where man does never tread
For no sun ever shined that deep down low

Down the rotten dark
From the filth of mankind it is born
Breathing the stench of rancid sewage
Growing as a freak in the decayed brewage

From life it sets all free
Indulged in its killing spree
Disguised as the one to be
Draped in disease

Medication set aside
No cure here to confide
In your veins it then shall hide
Draped in disease

Subterranean growth maligned
Abomination the kind
Balterium lord of twisted mass
Eyeless but not blind

Feasting the excrements
Of a thousand infections severe
Crawling as a snake
In the spreading epidemic lair

Down the fluid hell
Stained are the walls with its poisoned breath
Roots of pestilent plague
The rates abide its ways as a tail of death

Down the hive of chills
From the filth of mankind it now feedsMy anger must be supressed
As I wake in a fit of rage
For that I take it out on a child
No more than seven years of age
Her flesh so pale
Her virginity so pure
She could never imagine
The pain she will endure
Fucking her repeatedly
She's become my little whore
Though God even knows
I'm in search of more

I've sighted an elderly man
Lying crippled in his chair
What will become of him
He is so unaware

So very old
With no sense at all
A mere obstacle
He too will fall

Grabbing a sledge
I cave in his head
As his lungs collapse
He gasps his last breath
Ripping flesh till all but bones are gone
My work here is finished
I now will move on

I come upon another victim
An expecting mother
I put my arms around her neck
We struggle with each other

Though she soon
Will come to learn some
Respect, as I pull her head back
I slice her fucking neck

Leaving her to die
Send her to her tomb
Now I may rip
Her unborn child from her womb
Taking it as my own
I no longer have resistance
As I brutally beat and sodomize the bloody infant
Holding it up in recognition
In that I've already won
Though sometimes I find myself wondering
What have I become?Crusting the gate of power desire
You wanna heist you was so blind
What prepared me in stood sow avouches
More are feed close your eyes

Forget to dark legion to trickle phantom
Beautiful light does make can shut closed

Now are push come to grow swim to moonlight
Trap here alone trying this shoved when awake
Down in forth come to Hell trait to moonlight
Down in beauty and make of the day out of time
To dark pleasure lout in mate beautiful north
To the gates we fore up to see we could fade away
Dream be freedom fulfilled, freedom forever laud in mach
Torn the pleasure move in dead to see what ever clout

Its great descend veil dark it trough
Torn for flesh we return here::."ATTA-ATTA"

Standing out and make be out it shut down
Its time to look the fate I am afeed you in black
Spay to motion in chaos finally screw would this stopped that laugh
Make ache of serpent's heart letting to scream splash down in fly ends
To fight to left and right land are winches this captured defeat

The perfect end in the down of your roam
Torn for flesh we are torn it upBLOOD PENTAGRAMS INVOCATE THE BLACK CULT
THE FIRE OF HELL MARKS THE WAY
THE HORNS SHINE IN THE DARK NIGHT OF THE FALL OF THE PIG

THE GOAT SUMMONS THE ANNIHILATION OF THE JEWISH PIG AND HIS SHEEP

FUCK FUCK FUCK
SPIT THAT STUPID CROSS
KILL KILL KILL 
TOTAL FUCKING ANNIHILATIONS

SPIT THAT STUPID CROSS
THE SATANIC SLAUGHTER WILL BE VICTORIOUS
TONIGHT WILL BURN FOR THE SACRIFICE OF THE JEWISH PIGechoes of dying souls 
baptized in righteous fire 
marching into the grave 
a procession of cloaked figures 

entranced by death's call 
falling into the flames 
Ea the all seeing God 

rendered forth by their pride 
decayed by dissolve 
to the shattered dream at their feet 
bewildered in disbelief 

the souls take heed 
humbled before the living god 
shadowed in his scorn 

awakened wrath and frozen eyes 
shaking the walls of pride 

the rape of innocence 
and the new found belief 
obscuring the wolvish howl 

the vanishing of the light 
in the birth of our decay 

brought forth from inner hate 
the unflinching reverence 
laughter in the face of your pain 

with throbbing uncertainty 
suffocating the spirit in chains 

violence enshrouds the heart 
in a ritual of demented souls 
worshipping filth and horror 

marching into the grave 
entranced by our death's call 

the reaching hand of old 
bestowing knowledge untold 
corrupting the souls of man 
the laughter in the face of your pain 

the vanishing of the light 
in the birth of our decay 

the glory of tyranny 
and the judgment of our souls 
laughter in the face of your pain 
with throbbing uncertainty 

hubmled before the living 
shadowed in His scorn 

marching into the grave 
a procession of cloaked figures 
entrance by our death's call 

the rape of innocence 
and the new found belief 
obscuring the wolvish howl 

awakened wrath and frozen eyes 
shaking the walls of pride 

ruptured agony 
bestowing the knowledge untold 
commanding the souls of man 

the glory of tyranny 
and the judgment of our souls 
launched into crooked darkness 
with the vanishing of the lighti want to sedate the world,
all the scum, and cut their pieces!
wait until they're awake
and make their tears my laugh
i want to cry...
cry out my rage
watching them die
from famine, murders and pain
oh... the whispers..
how sweet they are
when begging my cruelty
to let them live... live?
so let's keep them live
to kill them every new day
lets practice a new murder...
believes, creeds and deeds
then they are meaningless
and now i notice...
they always were
so i get up... and kill them againWhen fear is flowin' through your veins in the night
death 'round the corner with its unforgiving bite
then maniacs are ready for a fight!
White collar pencil-necks, you know there's no escape
they'll sew their emblem on your mortuary drape
burn your houses and your women they'll rape

(chorus:)
Animalistic rage - heretic rites now take the stage
Ritualistic view - now there's nothing stoppin' you, Mad Thrasher!
Mad Thrasher! Mad Thrasher - of Satan's Metal!

Like some ghost of a repressed and horrid fear
lurking inside you, stroking hard on with a sneer
your lips tremble when Mad Thrasher draws near!
Unwilling concubine just let me have my way
I've killed your minister and now I wanna play
Perverted pleasures are your gospel for the day!

(repeat chorus)

We're heavy metal maniacs!  If you're enslaved...
you'd better watch your back (the lash!)
You're damned to be a schizophreniac (don't look back!)
livin' in fear of the mad thrash attack!
We'll play shark with your soul, and jinx every roll
of the black eyed dice, and it's your call
When you're ridin' with the hounds, or the pigs run you down
you're the venom of the maniacs' spite!
You've a barbarous itch, to bring down the brazen bitch
Your blood roars for a fix
We've summoned the dire, cast morals to the pyre
the boundaries of Hell are rent tonight!

(repeat chorus)Dark Blasphemic Vision
Noktocolus, 2001

The final day passes by, the sun dies, darkness arrives.
Pure demonic summoning up on the hills.
Dead trees, frozen oceans, ravaged earth.
Angels decay, 12 disciples crucified, the holy ghost extinguished.
The holy whore, bawd at sodom. Her son nailed on the wall.
Grim storms, earthquakes, Genesis turns to nothing.
Total death, collapsing cities, mankind genocide.
Demons rising, legions marching, satans supreme victory.
The apocalypse, armageddon, heaven burns.
Gods throne crumbles to dust.
Ravens sing the eternal dirge as time hunts down to zero.Nights came tralling ghost concertos,
heartstrings a score of skeletal reaper bows.
Playing torture chamber music allegretto,
conducting over throes trashed to crescendo.

Skinless the dark shall scream,
hoarse her symphonies.

Deathmashed as the moon that had lifted her dreams,
And frowned on the winding steps down. 

To where the vulgar strayed,
taunting sick her tender prey, 
she glided in her bridal gown!

How sleep the pure,
desire in violent overture?

An emanation of phantom madness,
the Countess beheld in shroud.
By girls bereft of future vows,
soon to wed in white the frosted ground.

Burning like a brand on the countenance of God.
A yearning took her hand to his seraphim, bound.

Deep red hissed the cat whips,
on the whim of her ill-will.
Whilst she entranced, nonchalant, abliss.
Flayed further songs of overkill.

How weep the pure,
desire in violent overture?

In a crescent-whime cellar of crushed roses,
pooled blood and broken dolls.
A torchlit shadow theatre souled,
with the echoed cries of lives she stole.

Killing time, 
she struck the hours dead in her control.
Thus menopaused, 
her clock of hacked out cunts began to toll.

Thirteen chimes of ancient strain,
I conjure forth with dirge.
That fills the void with timbred pain,
to fulfil my sexual urge.

Frights came wailing from the darkside!
Haunting lipless mouths a fugue of arcane diatribes.
Velvet, their voices coffined her in slumber!
Bespattered and appeased, as pregnant skies outside bore thunder.

How sleep the pure,
desire in violent overture?

Desire in violent...

As when high winds attune whipped trees,
her savage nature pitched.
Would once again conduct the pleas,
of those she loved to agonies.

As if it were the first time every night,
that she carved her seal in the flesh of life.Now finally meting & without cause
Rotting in blasphemy. Running , caught & hung.
Mortal we remain, a nothing dread.

Appearing to us a blackened heart & soul.
The progress to shroud their light of gold.
A belief in nothingness can lead to truth & pain.
I travel back in time to persecute faith's liars.(Instrumental)"...When the Nebula descended upon the Earth
Came grace and enigmatic silence
...and Winter reigned it's throne
Forever..."

Thy marble glance of darkened eyes
Regained guilt of paradise
The fear and chaos, thorns with spikes
Were demonized, this is demise

Another sun, but the same light
Another day, but the same fight
Another god, but the same fear
A razor, veins, the end is near

The fall of angelic dominion
We celebrate where angels die
The fall of angelic dominion
They're paralyzed and fall like stars

Upon the shores of endless time
With pride we stand
We hold the power
As lucid sun is setting down
Thy lord has gone with tragic final

The bloody clouds and black horizon
Will turn the page and god has gone
And melancholic dark malice 
Embraced it's (sic) throne, satanic throne

I see what have never seen before
Is it a harmony or war?
Or kind of magic in my eyes
This is demise?

The fall of angelic dominion
We celebrate where angels die
The fall of angelic dominion
They're paralyzed and fall like stars

Awaking from eternal sleep
Forgot my name oh... who I am?
Or am I mask without a face?
Or am I him?Gaze at the evening star
I'll hand you into dark and cold
There's no way to follow, nowhere to go
Welcome to my land where time stands still
Ready for the storm
To avoid old sores bleeding
I can't do that you've done better

Unclear thoughts never say just a single word      
For my songs and verses
Dry my face to go

Tread into the ray of light
just walking forth
However I'm afraid to stand the gate
and knock on the door
Wait for someone hears my voice
and opens the door
To somewhere unknown now
I'm walking my eyes blinded

Unclear thoughts never say just a single word
For my songs and verses
My…

*Life is goin' on and on
My spirit lets me rise again
Stand in the light and wind
So feel again, here I am
Life is goin' on and on
My wheel of fate spins forever
Don't need to cry for bygones
In your life

* repeat

Yin and yang and days and nights
Too many times it's turned and rolled
Stand in a shower and gale
So say again "I'm here to stay"
Find out something deep inside of myself
trying to prick my nerves
Don't need to cry for bygones
In your life

Life is goin' on and on....Glory to you, of Lucifer
The fair god, god of the light
Glory to hajah-ehejeh-jihejeh
Only you we praise, we pray
Love and invocate
The infamous Nazarene oppresses you
Temporarily for he can figth you
But he will never win you
Yes, oh god og light
To the persecuted one
We send our affection
We feel that the end is near
Protect your faithful under
Your beatuful black wings
For the wish to live in hell beside
You oh mighty Lucifer
Lead us into the delightful
Pleasures of the flame
Reanimated in the opprtune dew
Image messenger of welfare which
Await us
In your eternal Kingdom
Accept this song and take us away
Of the lier Christ take us away
From the soft god, god of business
Praised be Lucifer: the one and onlyIn the black night
An underground site...
We pledge our allegiance!
All in robes we have come in droves
To lend our energy

Satan's fire will illuminate
Black light will generate heat
The frost blanket that covers the ground
Will unveil a new world

As the voice of Satan fills the wind
Our ears are open to let him in
We've come for assistance once again
We will force upon them reckoning

We are Prophets of the Beast
Communication with the devil himself
We await your words, my friend
We will soon take action...

I have heard your request
The time is upon us
To abolish creation
We must destroy

The fallen isn't fallen at all
Choice freedom over tyranny
Now he's willing to assist in our fight
So that we may see the light of Liberty

I have escaped the wrath of slavery
I have no master
Man shall be free as well
In enlightenment
Through an alliance with satan

The fallen isn't fallen at all
Chose freedom over tyranny
Now he's willing to assist in our fight
So that we may see the light of Liberty

He left on his own accord
The bible has deceived us
The lesson he has taught us is to stand up for your freedom
Against all enemies

I have heard your request
The time is upon us
To abolish creation
We must form...

An alliance with satan
An alliance with satan
An alliance with satan
An alliance with satan

Satan's fire will illuminate
Black light will generate heat
The frost blanket will unveil a new world...(Instrumental)Impio cuerpo, despertando de la tumba
Con ojos sonrientes imagina de nuevo la luz del dia
Victima de una mutilacion - y destripamiento
Con la voluntad de vengarse, vuelve una vez mas a la vida

Cadaver Vindicativo 

Con recuerdos fragmentados del horror que vivio
Aun asi recuerda claramente la cara del perpetrador
El cuerpo escarba la tierra, hasta ver un rayo de luz
Se levanta de su tumba, emanando su asqueroso hedor

Cadaver Vindicativo

Busca un brazo, enterrado en otro agujero
Sus intestinos (colgando) de su barriga - lo hacen gritar de dolor.

Heridas abiertas que no volveran a cerrar lo torturan
En lo que queda de su mente, solo hay deseos de cobrar.

Sediento de sangre, bebe de sus propias heridas 
Para acechar a los vivos, la abominacion vuelve a la vida.Black Goat
Exalted upon the Earth in Lust
Sacrifice
In The Horned God we put our trust
Energy
Fills me as I walk these fields at night
IAO Pan
Give me power
Give me second sight
Fornicating
He is the seed upon the black Earth.

The Revenge Of Shub Niggerath
The Return of the fucking Black Goat
Lucifer/Pan/Black Goat
Lucifer/Pan/Satan
Thou Eye/Thou Lust
Cry Aloud/Cry ALoud
Whirl The Wheel/Whirl The Wheel

Full Moon
Exalted above the land at night
Power Calls
Into the fields and trees I go outside
He is there
I can sense him feel his presence
Can you feel the power?
Can you feel the madness?
Moonlit forest brings me gladness
Can you feel the ecstacy?
Can you feel the rapture?
Can you know what it's like
To become more than human?

Do you feel the netherworld?
You thought it was just fantasy
I have tasted other worlds
In my frenzy of ecstacy
Can you feel the ecstacy?
Can you feel what it's like
To become more than human
We have assumed animal forms
In the astral we hunt
Lycanthropes
Power from The Black Lord
Atavistic ResurgenceTo the sea from the ice,
the sun coming down again
an elderly abyss seizes the light,
turning the day into night.

From the depths of life, to the shallows
follow in the footsteps, of the mighty ones
restoring order, pillaged way of life
obscured by night, feared upon at first sight.

We all rise, once again, in darkness we reign
we are the answer, we are your hope
shallows of the ancestors.

Rising through the abyss, as a pioneer of curiosity
an endless stream of shadows, night veiled existence.

The earthly journey, a symphony of lost men
as sand of time displaces slowly in the hourglass of infinity
sculptures of renaissance, as horizons decree
the end of a mighty empire, as far as the eye can see.Come Forth, Baal who strikes as Set 
Strike terror into the heart of my enemies 
I call upon the Sentinels of the Abyss 
To witness the demise of my foes 
May their days be filled with despair 
Their nights fraught with torture and pain 
I call upon sender of nightmares 
To terrorize their kaw 
They have denied the Gift 
The Dark Fire shines not with them 
They stand in the Hall of the Two Truths 
Their hearts are weighed alone 
Unbalanced with the Feather 
The scales reveal the truth they betrayed 
May their days be filled with despair 
Their nights fraught with torture and pain 
Their minds drip deceit 
Their thoughts are false hopes 
The dirge drowns their flame 

Feed their minds to Setnakt 
Send them to Osiris 
Their presence plagues us not 

May their days be filled with despair 
Their nights fraught with torture and pain 
May their days be filled with despair 
Their nights fraught with torture and pain 
May their days be filled with despair 
Their nights fraught with torture and painSo you came to me for answers Hateful to utter laughing aloud
Here it stands defiled and proud stained of shroud and disembowelled
Out of the shadows where hate dwells kneel
Present your throat Shadows behind us gather
You looked sad, rolled your eyes 
little girl Virus chewed host through passages hot burrows in furrows and sorrow 
Did I scare you? Didn't find a shroud that fits you? Love the sound...
...As earth covers you. With no way out what else are you here for?
Cast aside in the whirlwinds of war Fly in Darkness
Expiring Cries pour the venom from my eyes(Instrumental)(Instrumental)In the night I burn a big bonfire
And I hail to the dead... the ones I loved
I'm crying in a hailstorm and I curse the life
I can't help it, when the feeling comes...
In the night...

I have made my way through the storms...
I have used my strength to survive...
I have paid my respects to the gods of nature...
I have bled for you, but now you're gone,
No-one can hear my longing...
In the night...[December '95 / Music: Necromass / Lyrics: C. Blasphemy]

Looking all around, fire all around, collapsing, appalling,
crucified, into flames, walking... into the warmth
infernal breath... into the warmth
horizons are turning into: horizons
are burning
horizons morbid
horizons symbolic...

horizons burning, tremors perturbing: body, mind, soul (are:)

Crossing the plain of mind devastation
into the trip of mind laceration
across the fields of endless obsession
voyage through, personal disturbs...

across the time, across the pain
there's our sky unites earth
crucified... crucified

into the warmth of darkness, I see the past, I see horizons,
I see they're dead, looking back, looking back
unite black sun to planet earth.

Across the time, winds cut the mind,
there's the sky unites unites earths
crucified... crucified

into the warmth of darkness, I feel the past,
I see black planets are going to rest,
look at them, look at them...
delirant passages through death.

Body, mind, soul... are burning

Into the warmth of darkness, I see the death,
I see our planet is going to rest,
looking back, looking back: CRUCIFIED BASTARDS CALLED MEN

Horizons burning, tremors perturbing
Horizons burning, tremors perturbing
Horizons burning, tremors perturbing: BODY, MIND, SOUL

Walking the plain of mind devastation,
into the trip of mind laceration,
across the fields of endless obsession,
voyage through, personal disturbs.Horrid screams, all around,
Bodies piling on the ground.
Children cry for their parents,
Their spirits ascended to the heavens.
The wealthy go into the unknown
Poor people die in the black hole
Pestilence spreads throughout the land
This is not what we had planned




death will shroud land and sea...... to dust, gone with history...
mutations, abominations, deformations, destroyed  all nations
asphyxiations, desolation, Population...To Damnation.

All you see....its what life's become to be...This is not a dream...gruesome blasphemy!...


 "Earth, air, water...and despair!"

Mangled bodies, blackened and burned to dust!
Toxic waters, blood turns into rust
Chaos Growing, The civilization falls.
Torment and Torture, Death has called!

".... glance at the earth's destruction.. tear rippling down the eye.
...blossomed light has gone, ... wave goodbye...
Her suffering will soon begone....New beginning...Spawn...
The profanation left, made by us beings...without(Instrumental)Just when I thought it all was lost
I found it
And as I tried to count the cost
To count it

Drawn to the light, I can't be still
Nothing can stop me

(Chorus)
Bound for Glory
Don't try to stand in my way
The prize before me
You know I just can't stay

Keeping my head above the waves
Don't down me
All of the world will be my stage
All 'round me

This is my dream, I won't be denied
Nothing can stop me

All of the children growing older
All of the embers left to smoulder
All of the weight upon my shoulders
All of the seasons getting colder

(Chorus)
Bound for Glory
It's there's a will there's a way
The prize before me
Girl I've just got to play

All of the children growing older
All of the embers left to smoulder
All of the weight upon my shoulders
All of the seasons getting colder

All of my thoughts that I'm revealing
All of my life I've had this feeling
All of my secrets I'm concealing
All of my moments that I'm stealingSHOCKER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's a sign of good times, It's a pleasure you will be mine, We will go back to my place and drink some wine and into my arms baby tonight your mine
SHOCKER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm gonna rock ya
It's the three finger punch, One in your ass and two in your cunt, It's a sign of good times, It's a pleasure you will be mine, We will go back to my place and drink some wine and into my arms baby tonight your mine
SHOCKER!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm gonna rock ya
It's the three finger punch, One in your ass and two in your cunt
YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!(Instrumental)The wings of a black damnation
the blades impale the whore
this rightious infestation
breeding weakness in us all
their wrists are slashed to etch pentagrams
drawn within their flowing blood
I've inflicted myself with pain
to envoke his awful name
fermenting and rotting, the heavens are crying
their innards will dry for their flesh shell has died
from living to dead to the grave they'll succumb
conform unto death and dissolve into dust
cadaveric, now they lie, the earth their final home
as endo parasites oblige and set their course on which to grow
time will take its toll, and drip away their skin
rots beseiged its carrion feast and laviditys set in
chorus
misanthropic autopsy, angelic diagrams are drawn
charnell structures petrified, mausoleums for the lost
silenced in their death to serve a higher purposeUnion of the races
So far from each other
High above they came
With stolen gifts the outlaws descent

Falling as lightning from heaven

Bearing treasures of gold 
Riches with jealousy guarded
Carrying the precious chalice
Holding within liquid death

The murderer's daughters
Opened themselves up
With ecstatic delight
To the splendor of the winded serpents

So were the great men of gold beget
Those whose blood still flows
Yet slumbers
Waiting to be awoken again

Sip from the cup of the fallen
Poison it holds does now run through
Feverish trembling and gasping for air
As the chains are breaking(Instrumental)Can't see the consequence, the world turns into ice
No reason to pretend, its now, we die
So hard to comprehend, we're hanging by a thread
Humanity has failed, we're dead

Lost forever, here we are
It's sickening to see
Thought that never, it's go this far
So future here you go - here's your dying world

None left to sacrifice, we've sucked our planet dry
Just simple ignorance, you ask, the lie
Who cares about the world, exploit it til it's lost
Who ever stopped to think - our cost

Eliminate, our legacy
Free to desecrate

Lead 1: Fredrik
Lead 2: DanielI am your captain follow me to the gates of Hell 
Battle beckons at the River Somme where corpses swell 

River of blood flow over me 
Show me the beauty of Death 
Fallen Angels teach me your secrets 
Show me forbidden ways 

All that I asked for was given to me 
In a gold plated puzzle box, lovely to see 
I fondled each feature, it began to transform 
When secret portals to the darkness were born 

(The suffering of strangers, the agony of friends 
There is a secret song at the center of the world 
and its sound is like razors through flesh!) 

Oh, what pleasure, delicious pain! 
To the brink and far beyond 
As I felt the nails sink deep into my skull 
Memories of former days were gone 

I rose to a new position, the High Priest of Hell! 

A foul cry molests the air as the demon roams the earth 
The puzzle box a seductive snare for the man who seeks his worth 
The Lamentation Configuration sends its message to all 
A young rogue by the name of Frank received its lovely call 

"We bid you welcome! Come know the joys of Hell!" 

(Pater noster, qui es in Inferis ritibus nomen tuum 
Et priapo est, de scorto sugit nectar 
Ex tumore pulsans malleus hominem 
Virgo in utero ejus nubilem ac discerptum, 
Dolens prava in ecstasim!) 

Larry loves Julia but Julia loves Frank 
She longs to feel his manly touch 
The blood of victims brings him back to her 

Lovely and young, fresh as the dawn 
Kirsty arrives to comfort her father 

She never trusted Julia 
Cold and distant, Julia 
Not like her mother, Julia 
Hurting her father, Julia 
Loving another, Julia 
Daddy's own brother, Julia 
Where are you going? 
Julia, what are you doing? 

Kirsty opened the puzzle box 
Cenobites arrived 
They long to show her the joys of Hell 
She wants to stay alive 

Come Mr. Hell Priest, have I got a deal for you 
Someone escaped your torment 
A degenerate deviant, I can lead you straight to him 
So take him back to Hell!Night falls
The kill calls
You're gonna kill me while I sleep tonight

You're on your own
You cut the phone
You're going to give me such a terrible fright

You're in my room
My living tomb
You raise the knife to stab me in the head

You plunge it in
Through bone and skin
Tonight you've come to take away my life

Drink my blood
Life taker
Eat my flesh
Life taker
Tie me up
Life taker
Take my life
Life taker

Blood on the bedroom floor
Blood on the bedroom walls
My blood is all over your clothes
My blood is all over the placePlanetarium of burning cells, Disorder
Heat syndrome the frenzy fuck, Plague
Dying days of the manifestation
Severe wounds on the global nation
Dominion has casket eyes, Fair warning

Clean the sores of the desperate nation
Rest in peace, manic frustration

Barbed wire in the grip of fear, Murder
Shock-wave of silent kill, Prowl
Dying days of the manifestation
Silent cries and the abomination
Low-down a terror device, Loathing

The dying days has arrived (x2)

Clean the sores of the desperate nation
Rest in peace, manic frustration

When shit has hit the fan, Control
Carcass sniffing by stealth, Genocide
Dying days of the manifestation
Wake up and smell the eternal damnation
Power in total sount, Savage

The dying days has arrived (x2)[Music: Blackwar/Violator]
[Lyrics: Violator]

Vengeance Declaration

Holocaust shellshock
Raised rifles in hands with gasfires nearby
Marking the trenches with the Final Sollution

Vengeance Declaration

Forming a fear of strength
Trenches drenched in mud
Mass graves in all the camps
Call extermination to them all

WARFARE WAS CREATED BY REVENGE

To damage and slaughter
Four million gone and strength for another to go
This is the final declaration to slaughter the foes(Instrumental)(Instrumental)This is where I'll cut you down
This is where you're gonna fall

This is how I'm gonna break you
Now you take your final breath

This is where I'll cut you down
This is where you're gonna fall

And I will take your final breath

Timeless fields of suffering
A state of total soul drained coma
Stained domain of silence
Even for those who are dead

Ending of that which could not exist
And all that remains is the dust of my enemies
Where I walk now in silence...
Profound, not ignorant towards 
anything that was done
I conceal my knowladge deep within me 
And the search goes on
(The) beginning of the end
Regardless of all the pleasures of this world
I step back in that timeless domain
Where the dust of my enemies lies
Beneath me
and I walk now, again
Ascendant
In silence

This is where I'll cut you down
This is where you're gonna fall

This is how I'm gonna break you
Now you take your final breath

This is where I'll cut you down
This is where you're gonna fall

And I will take your final breathI hear my soul
I hear her tears
I drowned out her pain
It's my hell, my hell

I want to be a thief
I want to curse you
I want to hate you
hate you, hate you

Look down and to down and to do...
Look down, I want to lie with you
Pray stronger and stronger for us
Give me your hand and trust

We look at the stars, they are far away from us, we can not reach them by hand,
but your hand is in my hand
We can not fly into the Milky Way or Black Eye, but we can fly to our hearts,
cause my heart is in your heart

"God is love. Whoever lives in love lives in God, and God in them" (1 Jn. 4:16) Amen
"For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also" (Mat. 6:21)
"God is light; in him there is no darkness at all" (1 Jn. 1:5)

"I have seen all the things
that are done under the sun;
all of them are meaningless,
a chasing after the wind" (Ec. 1:14)

I hear, and your soul
I torment my flesh.
I do not want to go
to hell, to hell

I want to be a saint
I want to bless you
I want to love you
Love you, love you


Look down and to down and to do...
Look down, I want to lie with you
Pray stronger and stronger for us
Give me your hand and trust

We look at the stars, they are far away from us, we can not reach them by hand,
but your hand is in my hand
We can not fly into the Milky Way or Black Eye, but we can fly to our hearts,
cause my heart is in your heart

"God is love. Whoever lives in love lives in God, and God in them" (1 Jn. 4:16) Amen
"For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also" (Mat. 6:21)
"God is light; in him there is no darkness at all" (1 Jn. 1:5)War

A hailstorm of bombshells
Scorches the skin of the earth
Like thunder tearing through the soil
Creating chaos and breeding turmoil

Glory in death - End humanity
Glory in death - Celebration of absurdity

A hailstorm of bombshells
Scorches the skin of the earth
Like thunder tearing through the soil
Creating chaos and breeding turmoil

We are an infection spreading
And we will not be stopped
Leaving nothing behind but ash and dust
Destroying all utopian hope

Destroying all utopian hope
No point in mourning the dead
The numbers will rise, and rise again
Until this cancer has been erased
This misanthropic vision will cease to desist
Forward into oblivion
Forward into oblivion

Excruciation and corruption
Cessation and purulence

Glory in death - End humanity
Glory in death - Celebration of absurdity

Complete genocide of mankind
Through mass self-immolation(Instrumental)When I get to die I will never doubt 
'Cause nobody there's going to fuck me out. 
I know dope will fix me well, 
'cause i got it quickly at the gates of hell!

Life is mayhem, gash of a dream. 
Realms of silent peace welcome you in sin: 
You're failed, you're rotted, mentally slaughtered 
Disowned by none, the inner peace has begun. 

Chorus:;
Dig the crust 
Trust me: we live as dust 
Collapse-realize 
Come unstuck from human nature 
'cause if there's no luck 
they have to mock up a paper god. 
Civilisation is a flop. 
My mind drowns in the grains of 
A fateful sandstorm. From the void 
I sing the oblivion this is my "goatspel"! 

[Solo]

Decomposing shadow's done, delete the wrong 
Disturbed representation of this annihilated world 
No more confusion. Senses as a union 
Reality collapses, forever detached 

Relationships cracked, nothing is a fact 
Who needs memory when lies in a cemetery? 
You sing illusion, we broke confusion:
A violent blast, WarstorM come fast!

ChorusBow to me faithfully
Build the church
And i will give you hope
I'll lead you through
The path of my existence
I'll lead you as a creator of hope
Let's join into couples,
Let's create power
Let's generate a new being
Let's create Half-God, Half-Man
The legend of the great
Let the day come
The day when all dominant
And powerful will reign again
And rule where
The first set their steps
The time of the contemporary
Has come to an end,
Efface Yourself
This species is rotting
From the inside,
I give you the choice
Don't be stupid!
They will grant you existence
But efface yourself(Instrumental)("Captain's log: 
Captain Vadis Day 2 of the mission. We've reached and stabilized at a safe distance from Earth to prevent re entry of the pods once ejected.... *sigh* I wanna make it very clear that I do not agree with nor condone the actions decided upon by the council; These are people !, Regardless of their mental stability.....Yet the council fears them otherwise I wouldn't be here, about to jettison these human beings into the cold void.......To their certain Doom") 

Fragments of time swirling and twisting, sublime ramparts of existing scenes 
Played out before my eyes then torn from my sight shrieking screams, 
illuminating thoughts and dreams 

As reality peels away 
I no longer know this place or date 
Entering a world lost to humanity 
Dwelling in my own absurdity. 

Listen to my insanity 
Grand delusions of actuality 
Let me place this fear in you 
So you feel the pain I go through 

Haunted every minute not knowing if I'm alive, inescapable despair and pleasure through cataclysmic fears 

Haunted every minute not knowing if I'm alive, inescapable despair and pleasure through cataclysmic fears 

Here I experience love and hate 
Each door I open changes my fate 
Emotionally distraught ending ties with your lot. 
Envying your existence. 
Lost in my partitions. 

Fantastic visions, terrifying aural transmissions 
A voice that soothes my wounds, 
Surging through me, it cracks and booms 
Destroying myself on every plane 
As I eat my own shame[Spoken word and inserts](Instrumental)(Instrumental)Key to eternity does not exist
Way to stay alive disappears
We are only programmed beasts
Without right to immortality

Where is our key to the Universe?
Where is our key to the Universe?
Where is our key to the Universe?
Where is our key to the Universe?

Now our limited minds
Can see only nothingness
Waiting for oblivion
We are falling into the void - into the void

Where is our key to the Universe?
Where is our key to the Universe?
Where is our key to the Universe?
Where is our key to the Universe?

Origins of your disease are inside your heads
A mental cancer takes over your body
Fight with illness doomed to failure
Painful awareness, absence of control - controlthousand metters under 
buried city of ice 
observance of the prophecy 
the water melts the ice 

crystal logic 
barbarian king 
preserved for centuries 
the missing link 

shining glory 
freezing myth 
sallow mass 
in the war they pass 

living by night 
never seen the sun 
the rays against 
cold gloomy faith 

cross the outer space 
near the inner domain 
in the freezing star of thuge 
starting place,safe refuge 

read minds of their enemies 
strategy,defense 
in an unequal battle 
throw waves of coldWent along the line without a solid sound. Running with the hare and hunting with the hounds. Floating between the devil and the deep blue sea. Disorder rules this heart among the bright minds. The one that bares the sin is burning inside. Picking the wrong side in this desire to copy.
Fighting the weight of this world everything has gone down (down) crawling from below never be broken time has come to break out. Living reflections.
Disorder rules this heart among the bright minds the one that bares the sin is burning inside.
Fighting the weight of this world. Everything has gone down (down) I'll bury my head in my hands casting aside. Shutting them out we went along the line without a solid sound.
Running with the hare and hunting with the hounds. Floating between the devil and the deep blue sea. Picking the wrong side in this desire to copy.Today I gave birth to a curse, 
while my beloved senses died in the next room. 

A torturer chased me, 
I ran an ran but then he caught me. 

He nailed another cross into my heart and just went away. 

I could not keep up and ask him when, 
he ran to the derelict streets. 

Today I think of death, 
I think of faraways. 

* 

Can you walk out of shame? 
Can you walk into blame? 
Can you walk razor blade? 

They were friends since childhood, 
the boy used to paint the girls eyes and kiss her blind. 

Girl killed the boy.A destiny we all share against our will
A stinking lie beneath our feet
A dogma a doctrine unreachable
A halo - without a head

Uncover the face of our reality
In it's full uglyness
Erase all signs of restriction
The cruel merciless masterplan

There ain't no glory within these damned shores
And yet an aureole surrounds the knowing
Little lights in the dark
Sometimes melting sometimes they just fade by a single touch

Like the needle of a copass
That trembles shortly
Just to point back to north
The same life is lived again and again
The same life is lived again and again

Breach the circle of the uniformed
Darkness there and nothing more
Pointless faceless scum
Stay aloof - from the filth

Uncover the face of our reality
In it's full uglyness
Erase all signs of restriction
The cruel merciless masterplan

There ain't no glory within these damned shores
And yet an aureole surrounds the knowing(Instrumental)Little puppies and pussycats
Emerald caves with plastic bats

Golden showers and silver fountains
Magick forests under cemetery mountains

Sleepless nights and days of bore
Seven tiny men adoring an aryan whore

The president's semen rotting in a jar
The homecoming queen hit by a car

From abortion straight to rebirth
Holiday seasons in the hollow earth

Overwhelm me, black sorrow
White veils fall the day after tomorrow

(Intro taken from "Black Horse", a song written and performed by S.O.P.O. in 1985.)Take them forward, show them hell. As long as they feel the torture we have done our job. Put them in line, drag them through rocks and fire. This is our land and we'll make them suffer. One million warriors who fear not death are armed to fight. Artillery is brought in. Another holocaust begins. The night sky is lit by fire as they die. We'll take them to the pits - the pits where they'll rot and die. Their children will be taken next and thrown into the fire. Something must feed us. Bodies cut and burned and destroyed; they litter our battlefield, though we see it as decoration. This war is eternal and we will hail victory always. Hail victory always. Hail victory always. Forget the system of peace. 

Now for a thousand years this land has been ours. All inferior life was enslaved or killed. Their termination and utilization allowed our empire to rise. We now rule with terror and violence. Tyranny is the order... a giant cult, which the leader commands.  Until the end of time this empire breathes. Until the end of time this empire breathes.I am the cure to humanity
A flawless will to destroy
Built on lucid hate
Born to achieve my fate

Infect and terminate
One goal: annihilate
Compulsive extermination

I have mercy for none
Blessed by death itself
Magnificient and out of reach
I am your hell

The transcendance
Through deshumanization
Is the one sought
After condition
This momentum
Beyond any control
A brilliant experience
For oneself
I have reached the essence
Of my existenceEnthralled into the dustwind
Crusaders of a lost battle
Warned by a thorn of war
Jeweled in their own blood

Yarns of fugitive elements
In distance to the thorncastle
Empire bricks thrown to the soil
Sharp and poisonous thorns

Pure it is, like defenseless spring births
Unpleased by a sudden nightfall
Turned its back on love and life
And made it all unpure

Lovesongs of the dove, seen through
Time of what he song
A messenger of the nourishing light
Were attacked of enemy ravens
So therefore, it song no more

Pearlgate servants, in the end you gather
In the clouds beyond clouds
Foundation walls of the raising temple
Prisoners of a time that was

Promised sentences long before years
Came to join the hearse that rode
And will always ride
In the hearts of them, historical plagueWatching a horror movie
Makes me feel groovy
But that's not enough
I need the real stuff

The secret I hide
Deep deep inside
Drives me insane
I need real pain

Chainsaw Massacre

Passing through the door
Searching for my saw
With this lovely tool
In my hand I'll rule

Now I'll be your doom
Creeping through your room
Sawing off your head
While you lie in bed

Chainsaw Massacre

Now my work is done
And I've had my fun
Back at my flat
I feel so sad

Another video
My lust starts to grow
How the rest would go
I think you know

Chainsaw MassacreCold and strict, never going astray
Knowing no mercy nor cruelty
Frozen majesty in frozen throne room
Never changing
You cannot hide

Tombs are prepared for the images of man
Their golden faces hiding their hollow composition
Infested with putrid vermin
And filth collected in aeons

The point where oppositions collide
And form where they are born
Unknown it shall always remain
Far from the reach of man's mind

Not one word can be uttered
Not one crime can be committed
Forever alone everything stands
The murderer and the murderedBelow the shallow sky 
The goat does deny 

Flickering stones ignite 
Gruesome yet obliged 
Black lava erupts, it coats	
Yet cold absorbs 

Might and willow breeze 
For only that is dead, I see 

Touch the fire 
I do not burn 
Higher and higher 
I reach the goal 

Further I roam these halls 
Compelled again to serve His will(Instrumental)Psycho slut, evil cunt
kill the worms for her lust
in the night, a sick mind
beyond the flesh only death
parasite- slaughtered lives
infected blood- Homicide
Perversion, a necrohell
hear the cries of despair
left to rot and burned alive
the scum eats your mind...
psycho slut in the night
no escape, none survives
bloody cunt- fetish bitch
in disgust, spreading death
see the blood in her eyes
she will suck all your life
rotten flesh in your hands
terrorize 'till you die 
every night you feast in blood
breed the scum you feed upon

EAT ALL THEIR GUTS- PSYCHO SLUT, PSYCHO SLUT
SLICE ALL THEIR THROATS- PSYCHO SLUT, PSYCHO SLUT
KILL AS YOU FUCK- PSYCHO SLUT, PSYCHO SLUTAt the dawn of time when the Earth was young
A battle was wildly raging
The reign of Cronos fell down to pieces
by Tytan's rage he was dethroned

Under Zeus' leadership the victory was reached
In the gloomy depths
of Tartaros the tyrant was exiled

Then only wastelands and silent valleys
were left where life once dwelled
By clay and fire Prometheus created
the first man while Zeus breathed
the life into him

From the sacred hands of Gods
humanity was born
But their souls were not complete yet
'cause fear possessed Zeus' thoughts

Prometheus couldn't bear Zeus arrogance
[Prometheus:] "Mankind deserves more, they need our help!"
but the father of Gods just made his choice
[Zeus:] "I don't want them to threaten me, one day!
This mortal breed must remain as weak as the animals they are!"

So, Prometheus understood there was nothing more to do
The time for wise words comes to an end
And he decided...

To give mankind a hope
He stole the fire from
The chariot of the Sun

A spark was hidden in a hollow wood
The fire changed man's doom
But horrible was Prometheus' fate
When from the sky
Zeus saw the flames burning bright

To a column he was chained on the Caucasus peak
By Efestus he was trapped,
Tormented by an eagle's jawsThis thirst for hidden knowledge 
encoded in blood 
How shall I choose to respond? 
With fear or wonder and awe 
My path grows increasingly clear 
  Thee I invoke the Lord of the Storms 
  Thee I invoke the Lady of Victory 
  I am he who has foreknowledge 
  Empowered by darkness, discerning clearly 
Aspire to this within and beyond me 
A spark at the core of my being 
Kindles a Flame burning Black in my heart 
The Way of Becoming unfolds 
  Thee I invoke the Lord of the Storms 
  Thee I invoke the Lady of Victory 
  I am he who destroys illusion 
  Empowered by darkness, I Come Into Being 
Through this struggle we Become 
Fate overcome, eternal Self 
I have entered the Hidden Place 
There I hold converse with Set 
  Thee I invoke the Lord of the Storms 
  I am he who holds dominion 
  Empowered by darkness, sovereign of Self 
  The sun shall not rise on the Setian Empire 
 Thee I invoke the Lady of Victory 
 I am he who Xnum protects 
 Empowered by darkness, beloved of Set 
 Obscurity flees from my mind's eye at once 
 I am he who has foreknowledge 
 The Way of Becoming unfolds 
 I am he who destroys illusion 
 Empowered by darkness, I come into BeingYears of silence without any hope
For life has seemed to forget (about) me
No wasted tears, only grief for the past
Though I long for fortune to come

Falling down
Falling away from the underground
Fade away, searching for something to hide astray

Kneeling down
Into denial for what's to come
Or what has been before

Take me back home, bring me to where all ends...(Instrumental)Growing up I was a kid when I first heard
The sound of metal, I have found what i prefered
Chasing a dream so I would grow up just the same
Nothing changed my plans will not be rearranged

But times have changed so I've been told
But I am never letting go
To what has risen in my soul
This love I feel will not outgrow

I live for heavy metal and that just what I do
No time can ever change me, age to date, I refuse
If not for heavy metal would I know what to do
No one can ever take me, this will forever be consoled

Harder then rock their is a sound you can't put down
Tearing through the screams it's gripping marshall sound
Cletched within these bonds hold strong inside of me
This very fire I now introduce to thy

But times have changed so I've been told
But I am never letting go
To what has risen in my soul
This love I feel will not outgrow

I live for heavy metal and that just what I do
No time can ever change me, age to date, I refuse
If not for heavy metal would I know what to do
No one can ever take me, this will forever be consoled

This is not soaked in you can change so easily
It means more then life to me
Its in our hearts, forever lives, will always be
Are right to chose will never lose
This love we feel now will consume

I live for heavy metal and that just what I do
No time can ever change me, age to date, I refuse
If not for heavy metal would I know what to do
No one can ever take me, this will forever be consoledPutrefying remains Make me regurgitate The blood I have consumed The corpse is now left dry The scene is grotesque The fumes of the rot Start to turn me on A sick pleasure... In disembowelling! I live through the dead A grotesque aberration An undead beast Feasting on flesh! Drenching my hands In your blood My erection is hard A clump of meat Lies before me A human being It once was I live for the gore! I live through the dead A grotesque aberration An undead beast Feasting on flesh!I'm a piece of shit 
And I smell like death 
I don't believe 
And I can not feel 

I'm a fucking whore 
In every way 
Don't look at me 
I don't exist 

Passed the point 
Of no return 
Now I see 
Life is death 

You're dead to me 
But I wanna fuck you 
You're just like me 
And I don't love you 

I'm an empty space 
Falling down 
Losing it all 
Disintegrating 

I am dead 
I'm gone 
I'm gone 

I am broken 
I'm lost 
I'm lost 

Now I see 
Life is death 
Life is death(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Stronger than reason
Known since the dawn of time
Hidden in shadows
Of human consciousness

It sees no boundaries
Inborn in human hearts
So self-renewing
In Ouroborus forms

Coming forth in grim waves
To drown lives
Flaming darkness ripping through
Blackened skies
From the cradle to the grave
It lives on
From the father to his son
It won't be gone

"One has to be cruel,
In order to be kind"
said the devious shepherd
To his herd so blind

Come join the dance of chaos
The piper's summoning his choir

Eternal Evil,
Eternal Evil,

There will be evil
As long as mankind lives
There will be conflicts
As long as leaders preach

Hatred and violence
Wrapped up in peaceful words
There's no salvation
In this cold, tortured world

Like an ever blowing wind
Sneaking through
Centuries whose pages are
Inked in blood
From the cradle to the grave
Across the land
From the father to his son
It knows no end...Central moon static silence spectral light necromorphic dreams
All about this happened in delirious forest pulsional stage she eliminate me with pleasures and death unsurreal world
I listened to a could voice and let me static that wet smell whic raise with nocturnal visions that causes my fear 
I feel my death penetrating at nightfall those things her beauty...Urgh

Damned beyond all space and time
Wretched deform
Shadows cast by dying men
Beyond the realms of light
Their black hearts know only hate
Scorn disgust
With cold hands they come for you
To bring you into these

Demonic dreams, abnormal screams
Phantasmal pain that haunts you so
They know you they hate you
They choke you, sink claws into flesh

I heard them calling out my name
And I now see through dead eyes
Now all I seek is to feed
To feel the warmth of skin
I saw them rise in visions of the darkness that will come

Rargh

Now you die, your life is lost
So we take your soul with us
Dripping, seeing, through the soil
To our realm below the earth

Raheeeeeeeer

Tell me of the dreams of the dead
Tell me of the dreams of the dead
Tell me of vengeance, nightmares horrendous
Tell me of the dreams of the dead

Demonic dreams, abnormal screams
Phantasmal pain that haunts you so
We know you, we hate you
We choke you, sink claws into flesh

Now you die, your life is lost
So we take your soul with us
Dripping, seeing, through the soil
To our realm below the earth

Yarghnebel steigt von ihnen auf
im goldenen licht der aufgehenden sonne
fuer jene die ihren weg gehen ohne gelebt zu haben
sind diese ebenen rein - kaum sichtbar

doch sind diese ebenen durchaus exisent
ich fuehle sie jeden tag...sie bedecken mein herz
meine ebenen sind von spuren durchzogen
mit blut befleckt
monotone klaenge erreichen mein ohr
doch sind diese klaenge bei 
geanuem hoeren Sturm

so legte ich mich schlafen... 
und ueber nacht faellt erneut
so weiss, so rein - der schnee
...und erfror auf den felderen ewiger kaelteHow many worlds did strive for consciousness but failed, 
as a capricious fate decides to bring it down again? 
How many worlds will rise and climb the narrow ladder through countless years of evolution, 
all in vain? 
Eternal night [...this world a graveyard], no warmth no light [...dead, frozen ghostland].(Instrumental)[lead: A.VIII.]

Ask, and ye shall receive. Lips parted, kiss of shame.
Transcendental spirit. Emergent, ravishing flames. 
A trident, a shining Trishul! Rips open the sphere.
Bleeding, gaping wound: puzzle of heart so clear.

Dirige Nos Domine;
Adeste Fideles; 
Dominus Vobiscum;
LUCIFER Mihi Ancora!
Vocatus Atque 
Non Vocatus Domine Aderit;
Veritas Vos Liberabit:
SATAN Mihi Ancora!

Drink of the unconscious stream, sweet Elixir of the Vain.
Towards the uncreated; Hallowed, unspoken name:
~SA:MA:EL~ TridentOvRebellion! None other embodied such might!   
 Thou giveth phosphorous structure, drinketh the nectar of night.

[lead: A.VIII.]

O Morning Star! My Light of Pride!
My song for Thee; the choir, the chime.
Ten thousand prayers, we cry Thy praise!
O Lord accept: a token... this life.

In shadows and waves, Thy motion felt.
(From) the highest peaks, (to) the endless depths;
Your flood will shape, a Sect of Man,
Feverish limbs, graced by Thy hand.

[lead: V.M.]
[lead: A.VIII.]

[lead: A.VIII.]

Credo Quia Absurdum Est.
I believe it because it is absurd.
Credo Quia Absurdum Est...!
I believe it because it is absurd...!

[lead: V.M.]I can't repress the truth anymore 
I was born an abomination 
Repulsive pile of sickness 
Wailing contamination 
Deeply attached to sadness 
Addicted to attention 

I can't believe I managed to stay so long without you 
The day you left I felt I lost the most of my soul 
The memory of our days is hazy like a distant dream 
What lies ahead is just trying to keep your light from dyingI shall tear down the world
Make temples of worship
In honour of our Lords

Invoke the mighty serpent
The formed and formless one
Call forth the raging darkness
Under the trident sign

Summoning winds
From the abyss

Tiamat - architect of chaos
Through un-creation I am born

To rise in furious wrath
Becoming one with thee
Sumerian sacred rites

Rites of illuminated death

Unlock the hidden gates
The gates beyond the dark

Invoke through temple prayer
The boundless dragon God
With eyes of burning fire
I ascend

Rites of illuminated death

As above so below
The serpents breath weaves
Through hidden realms
Beyond death

I have become as one...
With the God of death

Invoked through ritual chaos
Ceremonial darkness born
Omega calls to thee
Descend!The venom and rapture of the earth. 
There is great danger here. 
Transform. 
From the red throat of the abattoir 
the true depths of madness come. 
The solemn words of absence 
and the remnants of the past 
coalesce into the bleak reality that lays before us all. 
The gates ripped asunder, 
unleashing the wrath contained. 

The claret rain, brushed red by the hands of your maker. 
Transform. 

The rite. Forever. 
Immaculate defamation of self. 
Let us come together in immolation. 

Coaxed into the shelter of reality. The pride before the fall, 
The weight of this rejection 
crushing us one and all.Aim is to make you slaves
Till our last day
Responsible for all mistakes

I reject authorities
And I don't care at all
I have got my own head
Watch your idols fall

And if you do not change this world, nobody will
We all can make false authorities retreat

It's time for painful defloration
OF false authoritiesHidden beneath Flesh pest ridden 
Lyrics Nephente 

The truth lies hidden, beneath the skin
The truth is bitter, the truth is hidden ////
The truth lies hidden, beneath the skin
The truth lies hidden beneath flesh pest riddenHlomo monahiko astro
Kathreptizese sta apithmena,
Skotina nera
Eki opou ksana, den elampse to fos
Esi fotizis to pithmena tou haous

Stin erimo tis Mesogiou
Esi, mia lampsi, skotini, eonia
Lefkenis tou topiou tin aperanti monaksia
Esi, mia lampsi, skotini, eonia

To simadi ton theon
O POLEMOS
I alithia, i tolmi, i nea gnosi
Mprosta apo hilia hronia na aplonete
To pnevma tou Apollona
Pou spai ta desma
Me ta matia karfomena st' astra
Me to pathos na pironi thn kardia
H emfanisi tis taksis na gkremizi kastra
Pou anthropina miala
Htisan ipoula, krifa...

Hlomo, monahiko astro
Pou kathreptizese sta apithmena
Skotina nera, Fotise mas iera
Tis psihes ton Gonon sou
Kai kapote tou Ydrohoou
Ta nera tha sterepsoun
Antikrizontas to Prosopo sou!From out of the dark we descend upon your small blue world 
Millions of miles a way 
With blinding speed our destruction rains down on you 
To blow you away... 
Waiting in shadows of silence for our kiss of death to come 
A world in flames 
Burned and destroyed beyond all recognition 
That only dust remains... 

We are the Sons of the Gods who killed the Daughters of Men 
And created their souls 
Cold black eyes slice through you like razors of fire 
War of the Worlds!! 

[Chorus:] 
War!! 
War of the Worlds 
War!! 
War of the Worlds 

[lead] 

[chorus] 

[end]He lay
born of nothing
of man
nothing more

As I walk
no one beside me
nothing above

Denial of all written word
lies, slandering, words for fools

Of three I see none
I see only myself

I write my books
I speak my sermons
I live in denialsave, save our souls 
no fuck no 
you'll try and i'll try 
not to die 
save 
save our souls 
fuck no 
coins on your eyes 
and ill stare 
ill stare through you 
and the coins in your eyes 

you're running in circles 
and see the cuts 
they run through me in pinks and purples 
thin wet flesh 
i'll stare through you 
break me 
break it all 
with the coins on your eyes 
and i can't destroy you 
with your words from another world 
if you suffer for it in this life 
it doesn't mean it's right 
and when you enforce your backwards ideas 
i care nothing for your strife 

funneled abyss narrows down in fogs of exhaust as winds whip vengeance for convenience, not for a lack of disagreements. there's not much left to chase and fewer things to fight for, born into a losing war where the battlefields have already been sewn with seeds of misconception and deceit. and this shit ain't folk and we'll never be lovely so i'll scream until i die because it's cheaper than therapy. i don't understand how you can claim to be a spiritual man, if you believe that god created the land why wouldn't you protect it with everything you have. 
"and i brought you into a plentiful land to enjoy it's fruits and it's good things, but you defiled my land and made my heritage an abomination.-- the fear of you and the terror of you will be on every beast of the earth, every bird of the sky, with everything that creeps on the ground and all the fish of he sea.--look at the birds in the air that they do not sow nor reap nor gather into barns, and yet they are fed." 
when you suffer for it in this life 
that doesn't mean it's right and when you enforce destructive ideas for wealth 
i care nothing for your life. 
you're in your circles running around blinded to real life with coins on your eyes 
we wont get another try in another lifeThe Masses gather for another look
At the one who lays in the crypt
His eyes are closed
His arms are crossed

Never again...
Never again...
To walk this earth...
To walk this earth...

His worth was known
To all mankind
Things he did
And all to soon
He met with death
Before the rising of the moon...

Grieve no longer
He would have said
To all the people around his grave
I'll be waiting for all of you
On the other side from you I cannot hide.At the longest fullmoon night
In the castle near the forest
Where the howling of wild wolves
Sounds like music of dark abyss
At midnight wind was blowing
Transylvanian snow was falling
From the bloody womb of woman
Son of dragon was born
Mystic howling in the forest
Spreads the sacred words of evil
"Thou art. Lord of Wallachia,
Thou shalt be the Dracula..."
May this night be eternal
As eternal as his soul
The man with satanic spirits
Became horrified ruler...
By the fire and sword
By the fear and terror
Like wolf thirsty for blood
Vlad destroyed his enemies...
They called him impaler
And they lived in fear
"Blood is life" he said,
And he killed them to live again...
And the night of end has come
They were waiting for his death
Three nights later grave was empty
Vlad became the higher form!
"I am nightmare, warrior spirit
From the house of dead I come
I am darkest force of night
Bloodlust covered my mind..."(Instrumental)Louisa has the highest population of A.I.D.S.!
Niggers giving it to ugly women who wanna get laid.
They spread it around with their infected cum,
Women infect more boners, old and young!

They want to spread their disease...

Where the white women at? I'm gonna give them A.I.D.S.!

They want you to eat their spunk!

Louisa has the highest population of A.I.D.S.!
Smelly niggers just give it away
Slutty married women choking down their cum,
I hope your wife passes it onto your only son!

FAGGOT.liquid child
shall form itself
by the pattern
of heat and cold
by the pattern
of wet and dry
to the solid
golem of fluids

aweking from original slumber
forming his goals for the first time
predicted to breed- and shine
through the primal night  

collapsing
into his descendets

pullverize
and setting time

eroding
and grinding up

raising
them by disease!O' Sorrow, The Dementor
Goddess of who adores
Night breath, cool and sharp
Bear branches quivering
Beneath the abode
Grappling snow glistens

Small shadows scurry past
Shallow prints upon the crustMan has no barriers for what it wants to achieve
They are captured in an orbit of progressive lunacy
The earth is bleeding while man is still proceeding
Creating dangers of catastrophies

Atomic nuclear waste disposals
Tons of bio-hazard chemicals

Behind the glamour man is so fucking false
But there is no salvation when the final hour calls
The earth is bleeding while man is still proceeding
The everlasting insanity

Experiments done is secrecy
By sadistic criminal industry
A sinister warfare with bacterias
Soon the hell is upon us

Poisonous streams of radiation
Violent storms of devastation
Intoxication of the planet
Destroy the living organisms(Instrumental)(Instrumental)In those insane, and yet familiar places, where death lies beckoning.
It is the unseen, of metaphysical nature, That pierces through, beneath the veil.


Rise - Eu Daimon


Face to face - with one and the many, the terrible truth of rememberance.
For the horned god, of infinite seed, Read into platonic verses.

Rise - Eu DaimonHail, Brother !
Hail, Sister !
Today we are drinking
To the forgotten times !
Today we are drinking
To the forgotten Gods !
To valour & honour !
To the forgotten Code !
Today we are drinking
To the forgotten Tales !
You Shall hear hundreds !
Today we are drinking
To those who have never been !
Hail ! 
Hail, Brother !
Hail, Sister !
Raise you chalice !
The down is breaking !
And you are given not tranquility,
But SWORD !!!(Instrumental)Every day I look deep inside, 
My mind trying hard to find, 
Something wrong, something right, 
But I can't and I know that, 
In every fuckin' minute of my life, 
My innerself is going blind, 
Now I know, do not strife again, 

Satan gives you 666 to start the war, 
Satan gives you 666 to break the door, 
Satan gives you 666 so you can finally find, 
What you've been looking for, 

Every night I think 'bout him now, 
Something tells me not to bow, 
There are voices in my head, 
And they're starting to grow, 
In every fuckin' moment of this shit, 
I can't just simply quit, 
My soul, burning with hell's fire, 

And I know, Satan is, nothing but wrong, 
But I want, to be wrong, Ave 666,Motion of bodies
Tied in clusters
Flow of thoughts above and inside
Concrete
Torrents of hours, night and day
Down to dusk

Glimpses of genius
Hours of fear
Decades of embarrassment

From 9 AM to
And this time it's
"You know, I really..."
Too late, too fast, to soon

Ideas of no shape
Still, inborn, beautiful
Conceived yet unfinished
Theoretically perfect

This is our time
Endless but suprisingly
FiniteI will be the next 
I will take your power 
I will rise the slept 
Knowledge of your fire 
Vama Marg! 
We all walk through you 
Vama Marg! 
We all know your truth 
Forest of my land 
Blessed by your fire 
Lightning , your command 
Pleasure, your desire 
Vama Marg! 
We all walk through you 
Vama Marg! 
We all know your truth 
Dono Nobis Scientiam 
Oh! Baphometh 
Solve et Coagula 
Oh! Baphometh 
Burning pentagram 
Enclose me as I dream 
Mithra take my hand 
And rule my destinyFear demonic force
striken by tortures of death
she has no fuckin' remorse
slaughtered in pain by the dead

Drown into the absurd
fear her evil spells
possessed by living death

Die in Hell...
Deathwitch Possession!!!

Unspeakable evil penetrates your soul
you won't escape, it's time to face your doom

Like a plague she kills from within
silent, slowly with evil and sinTo gods of war
To gods of death
A sacrifice we offer you
Three black hearts
Who walk the earth
Your bidding is what we do
Collecting souls
For experiments

Can your system sustain this?
Mutant germs
Coursing through your veins
You won't believe what manifests

We offer death, disease, mutation, annihilation
We'll give you death, disease, mutation, annihilation
We'll bring you death, disease, mutation, annihilation
Our gift is death, disease, mutation, annihilation

To mix and match
Human artifacts
Attempting to mutate beast and man
Can one create such a mutant race?
Of mythological design

A pinch of this
A touch of that
It's crude but it should do the job
The rising of such a hybrid race
Not quite what your god had in mind(Instrumental)Dead mountains
Dead lakes
Dead caves
Dead rivers

Dead lanscapes
Dead skies
Dead trees
Dead universeKneel in front of me, my son you have sinned
It will cost you plenty of pain
Oh! You're scared a bit of me!
It gives me the force and the power to live!
I, I don't feel down at all!
it was the day when I became your god
Kneel in front of me, useless whore
My knife is at your face, I'm binding the rope
So give me just one reason, why I should spare you
'Cause I know I want to be covered in your blood
And I, I don't feel down at all!
it was the day when I became your god
You constructed all your life by building it on faith
After all you live in mental ruins and hypocrisy
Now I, I don't feel down at all!
It was the day when I became your god
You called yourself the stronger one
Now you kneel in front of me
And all I do is laugh at you!
You constructed all your life by building it on faith
After all you live in mental ruins and hypocrisyCan you reach this far my Lord and rescue me
From this sin so enslaving
My lifes a trainwreck
Without You I have no control
Never a moments rest surrounded by this turmoil
You know my will is strong
But my flesh is weak
And if i'd forgive myself I know that You would forgive me

(Chorus)
I want to finally be free
Altar calling calling me
And with Your strength this time
I'll make a final stand
To repent and actually change

Can You heal this broken heart and tortured mind
And help me leave the past behind
Nightmares return sometimes to remind me of the pain
I'd like to say i'll never make thaose same mistakes again
Back slidden into the grey
No more black than white
The life I lead will never change
Until I start living right

(Repeat chorus)
In the shadows I remain
In the shadows growing wings
(Solo)

I know the path for me is already paved
Only through Jesus Christ can my soul be saved.I ride the whore
Pure nocturnal rome
My destiny

I drift away, far away
From light to unknown places

Fraught with energy
Pure nocturnal rome
I lose reality

Through the pines i saw the nymphs
A magic circle, so svelte and pure
Dancing rituals for the gods
Through the light and shadow

I am away, far away
From the presence of reality

Winds carrying screams from the palatine
Like words of wisdom and fatality
Real or not, this becomes the essence of the manifest

I ride the whore
Pure nocturnal rome
My destiny

Entering the place of sacrifices 
Where blood bleached its way to awe
Nourishing the gods of war

I walk away, far away
Through the night and mystic placesThrough storms of devilry and firenight
the world is scorched and prepared for hell
the nocturnal lords of the dark moon hordes
gather is force with power of death unveiled
Oh such is the great secret that transcends
oh such is the ways of the mages and wizards
they arise to such heights beyond comprehension
plot their command of this earthly realm

legions of the one beyond the ancient time
legions amass the nether worlds and wait
arise they shall by the oath of blood command
call forth legions of belial arise

As it is and was and shall be forever
the beings beyond flesh shall triumph and lord
in stars and planets they abide awaiting
their form formless energy unfolds
together they are all and all is in them
limits of brain constrain the mind
calling their names the wind does always
they heed the commands and prepare to ariseThey are everywhere and always there
At anytime and anywhere
They don't foul up Never!
They know everything about everyone
They know everything about you
Everyone knows and fears them
They are the untouchables
Don't ever cross with them
If you do, you'll be the next one
Chorus:
Big city sharks their shadows aren't just in the city
Big city sharks they'll find your weakness too
Big city sharks straight thinkers always right
Big city sharks they'll show you your facts too
So strong everyone astounded
So stupid everyone's screaming
So smart and perfectly gifted
That they only cry when they're alone
Chorus
Hey shark who but you loves you?
Hey shark there is one you don't love him
Hey shark you can't fool him
Hey shark don't forget that you are not God!
They drive better whatever that means
They love much better however that goes
Someday you'll see their weaknesses too
cause one day they'll stand before God too.
Chorus(Instrumental)Take my hand and we'll go back home.
Oh, take my hand and you'll see that whatever happened is not a problem now.
It's no longer an issue that holds any weight.
Just come on, it's not far from here now.

The way you look at me shows you're not so ready, but time will tell and words will say that we're better off now.
Let's leave while it's early and we haven't been gone too long.

We went too far than we needed but now we can change that,
we still have what matters to us the most. We can't say anything we
haven't already.
They'll always look at us differently, but we're different anyways.
I know that much.(Instrumental)Unleash the Butchered Masses
Their brains sealed in bottles and glasses
Unleash their crippled carcasses
Reanimate the undying

Sew their mouths and eyes
For they must not see and speak

Unleash the Butchered and Crippled Masses

Have you ever been crushed by a 10 ton hammer?
Pure Metal strikes and no grass will grow
Fuckin taste your last breath and say your final prayers
Devastating the state of mind devouring the devasted
The Devastation

Cut out their guts
For they will be fed by hatred
They will be fed by hatred

Unleash the Butchered and Crippled Masses

Let us be their tongue and eyesRise... Pagan Ones
Rise... Satans Sons
Rise... Shields and Swords
Rise... Sounds of War

Destroy realms of Light
Burning heavens throne
Reigning ancient ways
New world here to stay

Satan lives, Satan lives, Satan lives, Satan lives

Rise... Red Eye Beast
Rise... Lord of Night
Rise...Fullmoon God
Rise... Black Abyss

Open Seven Gates
Stand high knowledge ones
Fire summons thee
We are the new breed

Satan lives, Satan lives, Satan lives, Satan lives.

Legions marching
War Drums beating
Weapons striking
Christians falling
New World reigning
Pagan Victory

In the name of Satan, Lucifer and Baal
Hail the ancient and their mighty realm
I raise the torches flaming high above
Lord of Nature I worship theeI love the looks they make
Upon their faces, cringing and crawling away
Into the night I feast upon the flesh of man
Gripping ripping and gnawing away
Feeling my sanity decay

The moon pierces the sky
Transforming my flesh to this beast
My thirst grows
Gathering for this gruesome feast

The moonlight calls to me, evolves inside of me
As I transform into this creature deep within
This curse that passed to me shall plague you all
This midnight massacre will kill you all

I love the looks they make
Upon their faces, cringing and crawling away
Decay

And through the night and darkness
I consume everything in sight
Sinking my teeth into the weak and lesser man

The blood that runs through me
Will now run through you
I am the one that will put an end to you

The fear is running through you
Right down your spine
You'll feel it right before you die
I control you
I am the one and only that controls your soul
I am the god of gods inside
And you'll die when I die...

And through the night and darkness
I consume everything in sight
Sinking my teeth into the weak and lesser man

I love the looks they make
Upon their faces, cringing and crawling away
Into the night I feast upon the flesh of man
Gripping ripping and gnawing away
Feeling my sanity decay

The moonlight calls to me, evolves inside of me
As I transform into this creature deep within
This curse that passed to me shall plague you all
This midnight massacre will kill you allLurking, a suspicion, that you're not who you may seem
Disguising your feelings, you're preparing to deceive
Waiting for the moment that your actions will go unseen

No one will trust you, anymore
Your second chance is gone
No one will trust you, anymore
The damage has been done

How many times is it now, have you failed everyone?
Over and over and over you lie to us all

How do you live on as this poisonous wretch?
Living as if everyone owes you a debt
Your sanity deteriorates, now you fall to your knees
If I beheld the power of judgement
I'd leave your body to the fleas

Your treachery will haunt you for the rest of your years
Alone and loveless, just you and your fears
Hear me now and hear me clear,
You've begun to live your coldest years!

The coldest years will bring the end for you
Like the wilting of a rose your soul has turned to black
Forbidden secrets have unveiled themselves
I can't forgive how you betrayed your word

(You can live on like nothing ever happened...You can
walk away with nothing more than a memory)

But if the world has different plans for you
Then I'm saddened that your fate wasn't by my hand
Your suffering is certain, it's the writing on the wall
Into the depths of hell you go, you reap what you sew

Covered by the blood of the demons that you've spawned
Taste the darkest red, spit at those you've wronged
All of those you knew, left you in their past
In a dismal trail of tears, you live your coldest yearsOn your pathetic fairy tale I spit and fuck off / I shall destroy my flesh if it refuses to wear the armor of scarz / I shall destroy my eyes if the ignore the disfigured weakness/ Day by day I get more filth? / I cast myselt into abomination and eat shit to live / Debris broken into pieces reign this undying darkness / Naked wounds shall be the blind whore for my razor / I woner what mde this yaerning still wish to dream / Slay the ghosts of the past / Hang them high /  Total destruktive arising / Your sickening ideal is tragically swallowed by the raging void of the severe reality I am now facing / Those left after the unavoidable genocide are piles of dead rats as far as eye can see / Nothingness turns out to be evil and proklaims the Satanik viktory / Never forget any pain / They will tell of time to arise /(Instrumental)agama tanpa pembebasan, ajaran penuh pembodohan
keyakinan bukan kebenaran, kenyataan kita dewakan
keyakinan yang cedera, keimanan yang luka
tak pernah ada logika, dibodohi oleh norma 
( x ) teologi penyesatan, surga dosa, pahala neraka
terlahir suci, mati misteri, teologi penyesatan
semua tersesat... buta tanpa arah... terjerumus... jurang tanpa dasar
fokus bias... keyakinan yang buta... rasa binasa... jurang tanpa dasar
back to ( x )
keyakinan yang cedera, keimanan yang luka. tak pernah ada logika, dibodohi oleh norma
( xx 0 teologi penyesatan, ajaran pembenaran, teologi penyesatan, ajaran pembenaran
benar salah, surga neraka, semua itu kau tentukan, benar salah, surga neraka, teologi penyesatan ( 2x )
semua tersesat hilang arah ( 2x )
keyakinan yang cedera, keimanan yang luka. tak pernah ada logika, dibodohi oleh norma
back to ( xx )I.
From the East they have come, wicked servants of death
They?ve surrounded the plain and approached city gate
They?re digging the trenches and fortify holy ground
Preparations for the siege! They?ll be grinding us down!
II.
Catapults are ready and the firing begins
They shoot over the walls! You know what it means?!
The fire brakes out, the danger is real!
The heads of our slain! You know what we feel?!
Ref.
We can?t fall back, under attack!
We?re a proud nation!
We?re under siege, they won?t get an inch!
Even if it means our termination!
III.
Denethor is broken, he?s losing his mind
Gandalf is forced to take over command!
Along with Imrahil they?re leading defense
But riders from Rohan are our only chance
Ref.
We can?t fall back, under attack!
We?re a proud nation!
We?re under siege, they won?t get an inch!
Even if it means our termination!
Bridge
IV
Midnight attack, the siege towers creep
They?re charging the gate, we can?t fall asleep!
A battering ram, one hundred feet long
With head of black steel, the beast called Grond!
V
The Master of Nazguls leads himself the attack
Our gate can?t hold for long, it?s about to crack!
He?s waving the spells and spreading the fear
The gate tumbles down, our end is near!
Solo
VI.
The raider in black enters the gate
We are terrified, we see our fate
Only Gandalf ahead, he?s ready to fight
But the raider is laughing; he?s so sure of his might!
solo
VII.
Suddenly dawn cracks out of the clouds
The sound of the horn is ringing out!
The Rohan arrived, black rider retreats
So we or they? Who will suffer defeat?
Ref.
We can?t fall back, under attack!
We?re a proud nation!
We?re under siege, they won?t get an inch! Even if it means our termination!
Ref.
We can?t fall back, under attack!
We?re a proud nation!
We?re under siege, they won?t get an inch!
Even if it means our termination!I raise myself once again through the
Ruins of destruction
And remain still alive
From all of them because only the strongest
Will forever survive
No one can stand in front of me for I need
No one to guide me on my path
I can for always live far from them in
The eternal embrace of nature, where all the
Evils of nature will be my companion
In the majesty of death and immortality
And I will show no mercy
There is no hope for me to stop, I can't
Become a slave to humanity
And no obstacle is in front, I will fight
For all I believe to be and that holds my
Blood strong, and all will fall down to
My legs for hypocrites will always fall.

My pride is strong and you fall in front in
Your helpless struggle to be
Never I could see the beauty of spring 
Because then you were the worthless obstacle
Shaving my vein
And I don't fear anything, for there is nothing to
Fear, if a man cannot fight then lie is not worthy
To be a man

I will for ever be alone in immortality and
No one will ever sleep on this ground
And I will not hear these cries again because I
Will be deaf and blind to all that remained behind

I will never again see the deliverance in your
Glance for glance of yours was too deceiving. 
I found my peace inside of me, the peace you are
Still craving and never will really feel, for you
Don't want that peace.Walking the path of no return 
Lurks the evil that lives within 
Shattered dreams of many men 
Who tried to cross the bridge of sin 

I'm the one who lives to tell the tale 
Of the mythical demon that once impaled 
The murders of many brought fear to the land 
This mythical menace, I will slay in the end 

The Goblin would sit beneath the rocks 
Waiting in the shadows as the bridge was blocked 
As the men would try to break the barricade 
They would witness the Goblins Blade 

It was not a pretty sight to watch them die 
But I was young and I feared for my life 
Their throats were cut at the flick of his wrist 
And as they fell he said with a hiss 

"I'm the keeper of the bridge of souls 
And underneath is where the bloodriver flows 
So never try to cross my path, for if you do 
I'll split you in half" 

The Goblin sits beneath the rocks 
Waiting in the shadows as the bridge was blocked 
As the men would try to break the baracade 
They would witness the Goblins Blade 

Walking the path of no return 
Lurks the evil that lives within 
Shattered dreams of many men 
Who tried to cross the bridge of sin 

I'm the one who lives to tell the tale 
Of the mystical demon that once impaled 
The murders of many brought fear to the land 
This mystical menace, I shall slay in the end 

The power is great within his sword 
And the only way to defeat him 
Is to steal his source, leaving him weak 
I shall show no remorse 
I shall take his last breath, with his own sword(Instrumental)All of god's children are crying
Their holy virgin is raped
We are fucking her anal
Her purity sodomized in heaven
Accept that your churches are burning
In total massive destruction
We are hailing the total
Fucking war in heavenFormless evil
haunting the night
as we slaves of the horned one
to his black eternity
visualize a veil of
blasphemy

From the bottomless pit
to the nocturnal skies above
the whispering voice of death
forces to follow
the black stream of eternity

Overwhelmed
by the world beyond
view colors never seen
drowning in a shape
of the one with the horns
drawn with your ownest blood

The vision strong and pure
eradicates the pain
open the door to the inside
the abyss deep within the skin
as my blood drips to the floor
become a god of negativity

Existence you bound to by life
deny and obey
bound to the sign of the pentagramm
its the circle is the only order
its elements give a form
to shapeless
death comes to pass
born again in satan's embraceI see the candle light burning in your 
eyes, flareing up my eyes in flames 
On this pitch-black summer night 
of passion and pain 

The razor caressed my flesh 
and my arms turned red, I feel a vast desire 
Years of pain are flowing down my arms. 
Sweet, red, warm stream you drink, make me released 
Give me your hand, let me make you feel the ease, 
in the bed of razors we bleed together 

I feel the fire burning in my heart, 
I see it sparkling in your eyes 
The blaze you're feeding more and more 

The razor caressed your flesh and your arms turned red. 
I feel your vast desire 
Tearing pain is flowing down your arms. 
Sweet, red, warm stream I drink to make you released 
Holding your arms, cherish this composure, 
in the bed of razors we sleep together, foreverDark moon in the horizon
A sign of evil returning
Fire that purified millions
Shall be lit again!

Summon the holocaust
Light the black purifying flame
Summon the holocaust
The cleansing fire of Satan's kingdom

The scent of burning human flesh
Nauseating, but so tempting
Purification of a nation
The purest form of annihilation

Summon the holocaust
Light the black purifying flame
Summon the holocaust
The cleansing fire of Satan's kingdom

Summon the holocaust

Burn the christians
...And see their crosses in flames
Burn the jehovah
...Feed the holy ones with gas

Summon the holocaust

Burn the christians
...And see their crosses in flames
Burn the jehovah
...Feed the holy ones with gasCompulsive gambler 
No matter win or lose 
I arrive late at my home
Only my dog waiting 
The bone plate 
Broken bones 
Another night without money
But do not spirit lack
The TV off air 
Cans, clothing and vinyls
Deep sleep in hell 
Tomorrow will be another day
I'll take my boots 
And will run behind some coins
Dream deep in heaven(Instrumental)Our minds are locked in illusion realm
Unable to unearth the truth
Real world hidden far away
Behind the veil of structure

Deconstruction
Recreation
Each perception
Builds a new world

All truths ever known to man
Are nothing but his own creation
Knowledge produced with a hidden purpose
Structures weaved into illusions veil

i start to see things as they are
manipulate the chains that bind my mind
on the path to freedom i realize
nothing is true, everything's permittedThe Dimensionless Monologue

Pt.I: Tedium

Got all he wants... Oh, I pity he...
What am I doing? Oh I question thee...
What am I doing? For this feeling?

It's a lie? It's a lie? 
I...
Oh lord...

Just before you're absolved of guilt...
Doesn't make it right!
An awkward heaving sigh...
But just before you're absolved of guilt...I Bleed Black 
Live a life of doom 
I breathe Black 
Nothing more to do 
Im Bleeding Black 
Black is all I see 
Im Bleeding Black 
Its my destiny 
I walk deep 
In a field of death 
I give all 
till my dying breath 
Im Bleeding Black 
Black is all I see 
Im Bleeding Black 
Its my destiny 
I fight strong 
Forever merciless 
Determined 
Until Im laid to restWalkin' through the graveyard and terror surrounds you
Hear some spooky sounds, you don't know what to do
Fear is all around, corpses dressed in black
The Creeper's comin' and there 'ain't no turnin' back

The Creeper:
"I will be there when your body dies
I will be there through the night
When I come to hold you tight
Please darlin' don't you cry"

Runnin' faster now, you got no time to lose
Chills run down your spine, there's nothin' here for you
You watch in horror as creatures crawl across the graves
Listen closely now and hear The Creeper say..Steadfast and bold, toiling through centuries 
Nameless they are but through us prevail 
Faithful and true, our lives are their gift to us 
Through fire and ice, our ancestors strove 

Our seed spread deep in the soil 
Sown with our own stubborn hands 
To this is our loyalty bound 
Far from wavering lands(Instrumental)I cannot repress the urge anymore 
I must complete this task 

This is my only fucking goal 
I must program the hyperdrive 

Program the hyperdrive 
leave behind 
the megadrive 
it's a thing of the past 
the hyperdrive 
is all of the rage motherfucker 

I'm so fucking tired 
of the megadriveAre you the Devil's creation, a poison?
Transmigrations' circle
Your soul and his transmission
The immortality of a resurrection

Do you wish to die as to be born again ?
Enjoying a new body
Trespassing what divides
Your humanity from your divinity

Being the angel of metamorphosis
Living the Angel's metamorphosis
Living the Angel's metamorphosis
Live this metamorphosis, my Angel

This is how your Perfect dream should be
The might to give several lives
Living several lives in only one, the same one
And then go punished by Gods !

Deep morphogenetic crisis
Infinite seconds with the perfume of eternity
When metamorphosis turns into metempsycosis

Beyond evils
There is only emptiness inside meCold winds of faggothism
Cold winds of faggothism

The wind is blowing, sucking cocks
The fucking faggots are you
I can feel the gayness in the air
it's floating like a pillow

Cold winds of grimness
Cold winds of grimness
Cold winds of grimnessA sea of sulphur embraces the world, and so in man are oceans of venom.

Corrupted was once the blood of Cain, overwhelming fascination,
by his murder hand worshipped, revealed to him the terrifying eye of infinity.
The ground of servitude, profaned!
Anger and its incidence vermilion, nourrish the raging indicible.
Subjugating the blackness of horror
hence cleaves the being like the styx the ground of hell.
Eon...

So in man are oceans of venom

Enslaved hearts, blind to the unbearable, bath in the blood so vile,
but do not dare to taste its flesh.

One god poisonned my veins to black,
One god had carved my heart.Twisting their faith giving, them the light, knowing only blackness awaits them in death 
Filling innocent minds with the stench of their lies, unknowingly summoning the dark masters 
Calling forth a pit of unending abyss 

Torment brought to all like lambs to the slaughter 
Arrival of the dark masters 

Reign of vindication, payment for impiety, sickening savage monarchy, wicked kings of the other, brought forth by the lie of a god. 
false faith conquers all the lands, taking its grasp on the weak minded souls. 

lord of the depths, monarch of the shadow, bringer of the end, 
Watch as they die 

Blackened souls, holding the throne, reaping the flesh, all in the name of a god 

Save us, cure us 
Master 
Feed us, protect us 
SaviorWe are the children of the night
with a passion to the dark side
Our fuel to burn is hate
Damnation our fate

We, as shadows of Satan
Cloaked in black
A haunting presence of evil
Devilous cult of a darker night

An echo of the loud sound
Trembling the foundations of the earth
The enlightening noise
to shatter this reality

We, as shadows of Satan
Cloaked in black
A haunting presence of evil
Devilous cult of a darker night

With the sigil of Satan
we speak His words
And rule the nights
as shadows of SatanSilent Valleys... In remembrance!
The burnt dead bodies
White phosphorous ending
Only death where eyes may see

Unrevealed chemical genocide
Sleeping warriors of winter valleys
Lay victorious in Death

Winter shedding tears upon unknown tombs
Lost martyrs of Tora Bora
Fading memory of dying screams

Diseased life
Perished and forgotten
Journey to unknown dimensions
Lonely graves of Tora Bora

Entombed in nameless mass graves
Death lurks the silent valley

A moment painted in flowing red
Engraved into my memories

.................................

To these mountains I weep
Death plagued memories of Tora Bora
Forlorn resting martyrs
Reflection of pale faces

"Painful death"
"Beautiful death"(Instrumental)Lifequest

When its night
dark outside
nothing or noone catches my sight 

does my life
does your life
do our lives belong to us? 

that's my doubt
but i'm proud
that no answer fits my mind 

they won't let
me believe
that it's so easy 

No
there are no certainties

 
oh
but i'm not sure

 
Be a man,
wake up!damn!
don't you see your life is fear?

 

face the facts,
wake up then,
can't you feel that death is near?

 

Be a man,
wake up!damn!
some nights you have a little doubt

 

face the facts,
wake up then,
how can you escape, my dear?

when its night
dark outside
nothing or noone catches my sight

work all day
pay to play
no this time don't wanna stay

 

search for gold
among the mud
and meanwhile i become old

I sacrificed
my whole life
to a god that makes me blind

no
there are no certainties

oh
but i'm not sure

 

Be a man,
wake up!damn!
don't you see your life is fear?

face the facts,
wake up then,
can't you feel that death is near?

 

Be a man,
wake up!damn!
some nights you have a little doubt

face the facts,
wake up then,
how can you escape, my dear?

 

grow my baby grow
you'll be forged as they want
a studious boy
a dutyfull worker
a perfect consumer

 

grow my baby grow
you'll be forged as thay want
a studious boy
a dutyfull worker
a perfect consumer

 

grow my baby grow
you'll be forged as thay want
a studious boy
a dutyfull worker
a perfect consumer

 

but who?
but why?
but where?

 

people charmed by fake
an hidden power reigns
eats my brain like meat
die today but live

 

people charmed by fake
an hidden power reigns
eats my brain like meat
die today but live

 

people charmed by fake
an hidden power reigns
eats my brain like meat
tills my mouth with shit!The solitude that reigns within these walls
Deprives me from any distraction
Therefore, it's Impossible for me to ignore
My conscience icessant murmurs
Telling me about
The ominous atmosphere 
Surrounding this place

I Live as a Prisoner in this cell
Where the weight of boredom crushes me down
And even if every minute seems endless
Under the oppressive mass
Already to much time has been confine
in this sombre uncompleted chapter 
Of my life story

Incarcerated I am, because long ago
My steps would have deviated
from the ideal path to sucess

Yet I have never diverted
From the straight and narrow
Why does the sociey treats me Like a criminal?
Would money as corrupted its definition of sucess

I have simply followed my heart
Without worrying where my steps would lead me
And even if its tracks have led me here
Never will I deny it

Despite the bumpys detours
That have stood up before me
I have the conviction that only my heart
can guide me to prosperity

In the wrong lane are the weak of mind
Who have one day relunctantly rushed toward
The fatest shortest road
Because they believe their dreams were utopian
sooner or later they will realize
that happyness is ephemeral
As the content of their wallet
All that can be bought has a lasting life
But the well-being that follows
from Self-fullfillment  is immortal

Today I pay the price
Of hapiness no money can buy
To acquire it I have to disburse
A lot of patience
I serve the sentence of the dreamer
Tomorrow, justice shall be done
Life will pay me back in kind
since it always welcomes with open arms
The fruits of sincere effortsGateway paintings open at dawn
Paranormal breathe echoes from corners
Through flesh and to eternity

Dead activity return to a 
Poor loved heart without beats
There's not much more down to go down to
Since the backside of the moon
Suck the void out of all the vicious holes

Troubled horizon, hunting season
Dusk swallower, death breeder
Hello clarity, goodbye sanity
Hello mirror me, goodbye obscurity(Instrumental)As you leave me
I feel such loneliness sweep over me
I sense the world getting darker
And the air getting colder
death is haunting these woods
And I can see all those
Whose flesh he will soon touch
He will soon touch...

The fragrance of dying flesh is burning
And slightly overwhelming
As sure as those who protect this forest slowly die
So do the bonds of those who need its air and nourishment
Soon all shall die

All the crying of those dying
Haunts those hunting and those running
Death is creeping on those weeping
There is no chance for those sleeping

Now it's snowing, the winds blowing
There is nothing new now growing
Leaves are falling, bodies sprawling
There's no hope when death comes crawlingBlack sky, white sea
Hills in the fog.
Corpses adorn wall
Of my dull mind.
Rotten insect, faded flowers
Thorns on wrist.
Hope vanish
Like breaking glasses

Darkness in the wind
Going out sun
Cold in the heart
Tears of pain

Obsessions without colour
Blade in my eyes.
Chains around neck
Tearing vein.
Blood cascade
From fertile sky,
Fertile of scourge
With black wings.

Wide open arms
Persecutor eyes
Rotten wings
Torn flesh.

Misery and plagues
Condemned opponents.
Crucified by the madness
Deceived by pious soul.
Supreme empire
Triumph of evil
I was always removed
Now I... DESTROY!FROM THE EASTERN SANDS
COMES THE STORM
OUT OF THE DESERT SLAVES SHALL RISE 
SECTARIAN WORMS OF OLD FAITH
SNEAKING CONSPIRACY CRAWL

FORGOTTEN TONGUES OF PROPHETS SOUND CLEAR
IN CATACOMBS OF PURITY
EXTINCT RACE AWAKENING
BENEATH THE SURFACE OF SEEMING PROSPERITY

PRE-CH
SUICIDAL COMMAND
DEATH TO THE WEST
WAR ON THE HEAVENS
DARKNESS UPON THE CHRIST

CH:
PHANTOM DRAGON TROOPS
ENLIGHTEN BY THE MORNING STAR
THE SECOND MIDDLE AGE
WE WILL REAP AS WE HAVE SOWN

FROM THE UNDERGROUND
PANIC BLAST
OUT OF THE PITS FANATICS ARRIVE
BORN OF DIRT, FIRE & FEAR
TO RECONSTRUCT THIS BRAVE NEW HELL

SEVEN DEADLY STRIKES
WHITE TOWNS FLOOD IN BLOOD

PRE-CH II:
SILENT SHADOW CLAN
EXILED RELIGIOUS PARIAH
STRIKE AT THE CAPITOLS
SWORD IN HAND OF GOD(Instrumental)So evil, so wild
So hateful inside
So many corpses after the battle
So merciless your mind
Wolf... grey
Ash... grey
Servants... go!.. pray!
Forest - your grave
Wild loor, spirit of blood
To Mother Nature - eternal glory
Mother gave a milk to you
Bloody milk for evil child
Wolf... grey
Christ... false
Servants... go!.. prey!
Prey on your grave
Cold as ice evil look
Grey beast of forests
Forest - your only home
Hunting place, killing place
Hail wolf!.. hail grey
Hail ash! Fuck the pray!
Hail, evil! Hail indestt
Hail screaming forest!Like a wilted flower I die down.
With distorted sensations and in loneliness, my soul decays.
consuming every energy.
Everything is pain. Everything hurts.
I let myself go, one petal after the other falls down
dry and lifeless.
I wither, I strip off of every hope,
wrenched away by a freezing and cruel wind
Dead leaves violently twirl in the air,
submitted to the fury of the upcoming winter.
Nailed to the floor, I observe the heaviness of a gray and
leaving myself being covered by
frozen and ethereal snow.
Snow that brings calmness
Snow that erases everything
Around, every light turns off.
I breathe in deeply a bitter air,
that wounds, that tears the chest apart.
In the dark I feel myself being lifted up by the wind,
and dismembered, I evaporate,
like snow crystals lost
in the eternity of a froistibbten void.Purity is gone paradise is burnt
Sacreligious cries of orgy lacerating the sky
Nymphomaniac maidens masturbate 
Upon the tomb of the decapitated
Vomit forth blasphemy let the blood flow
Ritual rape is practiced before the headless God
Still raping the fucking holiness
Blood and cum the depraved angelz crave
Dead is God
Blood cum SatanDread helm of Edain, ride forth!
Master of fate, mastered by doom
Mormegil, cursed be by Melkor

To brandish the black sword
Is to wield both strength and despair!

Ensnared by orcs, in Angband detained
Tortured in the darkness
Even in rescue, his curse shall prevail

With anglachel, Beleg was slain in the dark

No weapon can unleash thoughts from
The trickery of the great worm,
But for Glaurung's slaying!

Poisoned blood, poisoned minds.

Mighty is the arm beneath gurthang
And mightier still the thrust of the blade
The horrid, scaled belly is pierced!Fear, you will fear me.
Ripped, I'll see you bleed
Fall, onto your knees.
Pray to be freed.
You'll soon become a part of us.
Endure such pain again, and more.
Barbs of rust tear at your flesh.
Can't you control the ecstasy?
Death waits here to embrace you,
Hack your body and rape your soul.
Instruments of the finest degrees.
Blades eager for the taste of the crimson.
This house is a place of evil,
this house is a crypt of pain.
Don't fear it, we enjoy it,
bathe in its bleeding rain.
Your soul is mine for taking,
your mind is not alone.
We'll soon be in there with you,
come join our happy home.
You'll soon become a part of us,
endure such pain again, and more.
Barbs of rust tear at your flesh.
Can't you control the ecstasy?
Drowning in blood. Writhing in pain.
Transgress to... the realm of my madness!When horizons seem dim and the starlight too cold 
 Echoes don't chime anymore 'cause there's no one left to hear them 
 Fon't let you heart capsize in dismay, don't let your hope fade away 
 Take at look at yourself and realize there's more coming 
 From the future! 

 Day follows day, night follows night 
 Pick up your pride from wherever it may lay 
 Night follows night, day follows day! 
 Your step may falter, but the heart's right 
 Day follows day, night follows night! 

 If those whom you've loved once are now gone or dead 
 And their memory haunts you deep in the night 
 Embrace them one last time in your dream and smile, 
 Then turn your back to the past and walk away 
 Towards the future! 
 Day follows day, night follows night 
 Pick up your pride from wherever it may lay 
 Night follows night, day follows day! 
 Your step may falter, but the heart's right 
 Day follows day, night follows night! 
 Sadly, there is no end to this unfolding story, 
 The journey will last forever after we've been long gone 
 But behind are our sons who've looked towards the future 
 They know steps may falter but the heart's always right 
 Hail to the future! 

 Day follows day, night follows night 
 Pick up your pride from wherever it may lay 
 Night follows night, day follows day! 
 Your step may falter, but the heart's right 
 Day follows day, night follows night!Can you feel me in your chest 
Where you bear the unseen mark 
I taste your presence in my breathe 
I can see you in the dark 

Do you feel the burn again 
You're gonna learn again 
The freedom of lycanthropy 
When you start to turn again 

Do you feel that familiar feeling 
Of moonlight on your skin 
To know the death that I've been dealing 
Forget the thing you once had been 

Your howls penetrate the night 
Striking fear in human prey 
The taste of blood just feels so right 
As you bathe in arterial spray 

Unholy light glows within your eyes 
Fur is sprouting from your crooked spine 
So take a bite of a jugular vein 
Your way of life until the next day 

Harvest moon is whispering 
Your fangs glistening 
The pleasure's undeniable 
The pack shall be reborn againWe are all - marching for war 
 We are all - bleeding inside 
 We are all - feeling the pain 
 We are all - Tzook Eitan 

 Tzook Eitan - we stand and fight 
 Tzook Eitan - brave soldiers 
 Tzook eitan - we are strong 
 Tzook eitan - we always stand and fight 

 The enemy , afraid for his loss 
 We're here to keep the land 
 Soldiers of honor 
 Soldiers of war 
 We are all united! 

 We stand as a rock blocking the fire 
 We're sent to protect our people 
 sent to bring victory 
 We're fighters and always will be! 

 Tzook Eitan we stand and fight 
 Tzook Eitan brave soldiers 
 Tzook Eitan we are strong 
 Tzook Eitan we always stand and fight 

 Know behind the border death is waiting 
 Every step can be the last 

 But we shall never retreat!(Instrumental)I'm sick of you and your embrace
I want you dead from your disgrace
Boredom waits and Boredom gets
And boredom breeds what you reject
No more - I can't taste this sore
No more - We can't.... .. more
I can't move 'cause I can't hold up
And I get sick 'cause you won't shut up
The thought of you makes me wanna throw up
Because of you I won't grow up
Now I wanna throw up on you
Now I wanna throw up on you
Now I wanna throw up on you
Now I wanna throw up on you
Bless your wounds and bless your state
slashing through our future dates - NO!
Bless your greed and kill the poor
Feed your head til it ignores
Bleed your faith and bleed your cures
Bleed yourself into your graves
Only to be a fucking slave suck yourself
until you're laid
No More - I can't take no more
We Were - I can't take this whore
I can't move cause I can't put up
I get sick when I can't grow up
The thought of you makes me wanna throw up
Because I'm dead and I won't live up
Now I wanna throw up on you
Now I wanna throw up on you
Now I wanna throw up on you
Now I wanna throw up on you
No more lies for me and you
No more lies in our own place
We can die in airplanes
We can die now let's fight
I get sick when I can't hold up
I can't move cause you won't shut up
The thought of you makes me wanna throw up
Because of you I will never grow up
Now I wanna throw up on you
Now I wanna throw up on you
Now I wanna throw up on you
Now I wanna throw up on youThe stickman breaks the ice
Brings all cold feelings forward
A shifting sacrifice
A little more to carry homeward
The little crimes slip by
Liquid loyalties re-incise
And reaching for the feed
They unearth a hidden greed

Who decides right and wrong?
Who decides what should be said?
I think I'll never see the path... again
Who decides right and wrong?
Who decides what should be said?
I think I'll never see the path...

A fearless choice of words
Sitting safe a world away
Traffic is a blur
And every coward has his say
Chameleons test the air
Oceans swell and overflow
But the stickman's everywhere
Eras come and eras go

Who decides right and wrong?
Who decides what should be said?
I think I'll never see the path... again
Who decides right and wrong?
Who decides what should be said?
I think I'll never see the path... again

Those who remain true
Will cut a path of their own
Constant in the slew
Weather judgments and missiles thrown
Constant in the slew
Weather judgments and missiles thrown
Constant in the slew
To forge ahead and set the tone

Who decides right and wrong?
Who decides what should be said?
I think I'll never see the path... again
Who decides right and wrong?
Who decides what should be said?
I think I'll never see the path... again
Again
AgainA flickering nocturnal beacon
Attracts my irrational mind
It tempts my mind to enter
Forbidden secrets to find

Its seduction overrides reason
It burns and gives birth
Yet mysteries it reveals to none
With roots embedded within earth

When the darkness gets colder
Closing in from the other side
Into putrid haze my senses blur
To meet my destiny without fear I ride

A fateless will I feel
A breathless form I see
I have conjured these wings of steel
That carry my spirit close to thee

As bewitching demonic chants
Are calling for unyielding purity
With memories of ancestral clans
I sink in His transcendental unity

In death this hand rose once more
In resemblance of its life of fire
Refusing that which was given
Taking what was desiredAn ancient order has awakened
Come forth friends of darkness
And heed the call of warAnd so it seems
I am unbound in my misery
Drunk in my sobriety
...and twisted animosiety
The private moments of man
Are rarely ever seen
Yet, autumn gathers me up
And sheds me in her leaves

Falling takes forever
From the grace of man
I fell so far
No one ever saw
How far

She is dressed in golden brown for me
Sheds her leaves like a second skin

There is fire, in your eyes tonight
No brighter sun, no darker moon

Sister Morrigu
This way comes,
And so it seems it is

Another passionate night
Another hopeless fight
And another battle that I've lostDo you feel that the world is your throne?
Stay and you will see, you can't run
Hiding in shadows, but still you'll have to pray
I don't believe in Heaven nor this Hell

Needles in my brain
I don't want to end insane
Tied up to a chair... just waiting

You got to run, escape from me
You know I will hurt you
Don't stay close, watch your back!
Stay with me and you'll be dead

You got to run, escape from me
You know I will hurt you
Don't stay close, watch your back!
Stay with me and you'll be dead

You got to run, escape from...
Got to run, escape from... me
You got to run, escape from...
Got to run, escape from... me

You got to run, escape from...
Got to run, escape from... me!
You got to run, escape from...
Got to run, escape from... me!!In de dorre verlaten woestijn
de plaats der vergetelheid
Waar het zwervende nomadenvolk
leeft van hun eigen vlees
De hitte die alles verschroeit
en laat rotten in de blakende zon
De veroordeelde misdadigers
die hier zoeken naar de dood

De plaag die hier heerst
In 't paradijs van stof, as en beenderen

Aasetende vogels die bidden
over de Schedelvlakte
De afgevreten hoofden
door onuitroeibaar ongedierte
Die vergaan onder het zand
en begraven worden in 't Nihil
De strop die nog hangt
aan de dode boom, voor de volgende

Verlos jezelf
Uit 't paradijs van schaduwen en gedrochten

De laatst getekende kaart
voor een uitweg, verbrand
Eens hierin verzeild geraakt
getekend zoals de rest des vee
Dwalen in het onveranderlijk landschap
Geen hoop, geen optimistisch gezeik
Het naeve verloren en beseffen
dat dit het lot zal wezen 

Gezonken en verdronken
In dit oord van waanzinThe cold breeze 
freezes the perception 
oh my freedom 
my despair 

Forced to 
work on this 
cursed 
land 

My ideology is 
lost in the 
conviction 
of life 

The cold breeze 
freezes the perception 
oh my freedom 
my despair 

Forced to 
work on this 
cursed 
land 

My ideology is 
lost in the 
conviction 
of life 

If i'd only knew 
where i was 
I thought it was a 
fairytale 

If i'd only knew 
where i was 
I thought it was a 
fairytale 

GulagDoctor, I've read your last diagnosis
About my pathology, this chimera which obsesses you
Are you serious when you call me psychotic
Just because my reality is not yours
I would be insane for that, look at your world
You live behind a wall of lies
Your children born in laboratory
Developed in bottles, fed with plastic
You dare to call it progress

chorus :

Are you so far from insanity?

The physical inferiority increased by the slow destruction
Of your body with old age, illness and death
These are ill's I've never dread

You work so hard to cause your own ruin
Colonize environment as a never sated parasite

Finding your pleasure in pain of the others
Domination you can enforce
Because I refuse this state
This human nature which chains up to eternal mediocrity
You think I'm deranged, affected by disease
Psychotic as if I was blind to the world
Blind to the world

I just wait my rebirth in a superior entity
To all these creeping larva, reminiscent of naught

chorusHigh over the rainbow, over seven seas
Far away, see the sign, see the light in the sky

In the valley of kingdom
After the battle we won
Hear the silence of courageous souls
Resting forever

All the warriors are marching
'n riding on and on
For freedom they're longing for
Until the day their time will come

High and higher let's ride

Let's ride up high, high over the rainbow
Far beyond
Over seven seas
Far away, far away
See the sign, see the sign
The light in the sky

Let's fly up high, high over the rainbow
Far beyond
Over seven seas
Far away, far away
See the light, see the light
The shine in the night

In the line of fire
They keep their steel up high
Under the rays of the blazing sun
Controlled by an electric eye

At the end of the ocean
Over the top of the hills
Where the rivers of destiny
Flow in the lake of eternity

High and higher let's fly

Let's ride up high, high over the rainbow
Far beyond
Over seven seas
Far away, far away
See the sign, see the sign
The light in the sky

Let's fly up high, high over the rainbow
Far beyond
Over seven seas
Far away, far away
See the light, see the light
The shine in the night

Let's ride on the rainbow, over seven seas
For freedom they're longing for until the day their time will come

At the end of the ocean, over the top of the hills
Where the rivers of destiny flow in the lake of eternityMusic: Moliti
Lyrics: Moliti

Here I stand watching
The crash of the water parching
For the unknown
Beyond this violent shore

The deep of the gaping void
Will surely swallow you whole
Return is no option, only death
By the shadows of the dark

And every night
I dream of foreign lands
Unconscious memories
On golden shores
Its haunting me, calling me

Chorus:

Take me
Beyond the horizon
My destiny
Into the sea

Take me
The distant tides
Of my memory
Beckon to me

Now I stand wondering
Shall I risk my life for a dream
Still its so pure
I must find what lies beyond

The force of the ocean winds
Is sure to tear you down
Return give up all hope, you'll be under
By the light of the dawn

And every night
I dream of paradise
An ancient legacy
The crystal spheres
I've got to get back to it

Chorus:

Take me
Beyond the horizon
My destiny
Into the sea

Take me
The distant tides
Of my memory
Beckon to me

In the deepest of my dreams
I see it now
A phantom image etched into my mind
Now there's no turning back
I've made my choice
To sail to that legendary place
Or to my death

(solo)

Chorus x2For years for this felling of intimacy
This pleasant well-known shower
Of endearment
My love for you burns like a fire
In my deepest self

Your life is the absolute
Perfection on earth
People would kill for these
Feelings and emotions
My thoughts circle around your life,
Around our life till eternity

You are the enrichment of my life
You are the vitality of my life
My heart enflames at the sight of you

I would die if i couldn't feel your love
couldn't feel your love
couldn't feel your love
I hear you smile
Your voice in my dreams
When i wake day and night

I would die if i couldn't feel your love
couldn't feel your love
couldn't feel your love
I hear you smile
Your voice in my dreams
When i wake day and night

But i would never like to miss
The feeling
Once i gave you my heart
And you treat it like your own
Flesh and blood
Emotions say more then
Thousand words

With you to the end of the world
To the end of our life
Neither death nor satan are
Capable of seperating us

You are the enrichment of my life
You are the vitality of my life
My heart enflames at the sight of you

I would die if i couldn't feel your love
couldn't feel your love
couldn't feel your love
I hear you smile
Your voice in my dreams
When i wake day and night

I would die if i couldn't feel your love
couldn't feel your love
couldn't feel your love
I hear you smile
Your voice in my dreams
When i wake day and night

For love
For love

You are the enrichment of my life
You are the vitality of my life
My heart enflames at the sight of you

I would die if i couldn't feel your love
couldn't feel your love
couldn't feel your love
I hear you smile
Your voice in my dreams
When i wake day and night

I would die if i couldn't feel your love
couldn't feel your love
couldn't feel your love
I hear you smile
Your voice in my dreams
When i wake day and night

Your eyes are like a drug
For love
For loveArena of Invasion

 Chorus

Political organized crime
Always shifting the blame
Bombs, bullets and friendly fire
A dangerous game

Drilling for oil
Under lethal pretence
Weaponry documents
Dramatic, yet falsified

Sibilant lies 
Cause blackened skies
Bloodied arena of 
Invasion

Verse 1
The circle of corruption spoils
The minds of those who stand in power
Conspiracy blinds us from the truth, the
Path we take has just turned sour
Incidents are conjured up to 
Mask the underlying plan
Disaster cannot change its course, 
The cries just echo in the sand

Verse 2
The shots fire back, no welcome mat
They know they're not here Just for peace
The flag of truce is the hangman's noose, 
The invaders fire and do not cease
Air ripped by marauding blades
Sand whipped by metallic treads
Legions of thieves in rank and file
Can only create more hate and dread

Bridge
Insurgence needles from all sides
Death forever breathing down your neck
Cowering in shadows, boiling frustration
Ever-present killing spawns seething rage

Oil, greed
Just breed
War, pain
Lies, and gain

For those with everything wanting more

 
(Lyrics by Matt Dawson, Mike Angus)Storm of the century
Bitter blasting cold
Ferocious winds
It's raining death we're told

From the black skies
Cold snow falls fast
Trapping life where it stands
Mother nature strikes again

Frozen wastelands throughout
Endless winter storms threaten civilization
This is the end
No life survives in this land

Eternal storms, No more light
Earth's surface covered in ice
Tundra graveyards and cold black hearts
Bitter winter storms tear this world apart

Absolute zero
Tears turn to ice before falling from your face
Hypothermic blast
Cold air strikes and you're frozen to death in placeChildren of Sunyata - children of the void
Rise up and greet the storm!
Whispers echoes through eternity
Ancient wovs from an age forlorn

Black clouds are gathering, tension fills the air
A cold mist sweeps in over the land
The predicted return of our king to be
the promised rapture is now close at hand

The glorious advent of the zeroth dimension
the endtime so divine
Over the winds of the approaching storm
The bells of apocalypse chime

Freezing winds of divination
sweep across a desolate earth
the rise of the king of kings
the ancient serpent's rebirth

The triumphant advent of the zeroth dimension
The blazing dawn of a timeless time
Over the winds of the pernicious storm
Hear the bells of deliverance chime

Reverberating through countless millenniaDefied by succession of life,
forgotten their moments behind.
You're here now and they are the past,
the old voices stuck with the walls.

Frequencies past
Silent sounds don't lie.
What once was alive, is now inside.

Frequencies last,
voices inside.
What once was, is now alive.

Mad clocks, damn lie in my mind.
Stop talking about wasting your time.
Stop the clock, listen the moments past.
And measure life by every moment alive.

See the mechanism in which you live.
See within the walls what we are. Just see.

You're here and they are the past.
The old voices stuck between the walls.the time has come to destroy the gay fake asses that think they are metal
Slipknot are clowns that needs to suffer slaughter them all
Clawfinger fucking swines that needs to be butchered 
Motherfucking dick Korn are fucking apes that need to be killed off
Cradle of whore are pathetic scums that  must be nailed down 
limp Bizkit uhh motherfucking Limp Gaykit fucking gay parade beat them to death 
At last all hatred goes to the pedophiles from Linkin Park torture them to death put a rusty knife in their assholes cut of their tongues feed them to the vultures  and  let  the vultures shit them out over the desert 
Destruction of Posers 
Only true metal will remainWalking the street of this town, dragging my way through slow
Dirty snow covered in white, the reptile slept in a burrow
Glance for the strangers for leave, grief in the hearts of me
Crowding bus stuck on the crossing, grannies cursing the moon

Some of the sins revealed, so nothing new under the sky
Thoughts have been lost, our minds have been cleared
Men will never be undaunted, brothers will always feel fear
These are the moments of falling, ring of eternal hour

We are damned in the night, loosing the hold
We are stain in the wall, flowing down to the ground

Promises torn at the pieces, blood stained to ground with tears
Breeze of storm and blaze are blowing again and again
For men it ashes like demmise, stinking like incurious stance
Those who wanted to save, theu won't see the sun

Close back your eyes, there's nothing changing for a while
We'll get stuck to the chair ruined wind in the air
Waters are frozen to melt farther away as we sleep throught the mysteriesthis requim is more of a life then a death
a death in part sleeping deeply
dreams coinside
hesitation gone
control is gone
fear still present
but that's ok
you can't live your life away
into the trance
slip away
journey along
steady pace for there's no rush
we're entering now
your thoughts are done
they are mine now
i vanquish your motive and your will to do anything in particularWandering through pale dimensions
Confused in a bizarre nightmare
With no shape and no direction
This dark tunnel leads you somewhere

As eyeless creature

After long years in the pure void
Blinded by light yes - I'm near
In the past and now I bring you fear
Wake up white dwarf is hear

Something strange is in your mind
Endless delight you want more
Now you know that you are found
This pure power comes from core

Consciousness is coming in time
There are many around all over
Just a small motion and they come
Connect with you and become

A sirius midnight is rising again
Fearless beauty with black heart
Your journey was not not in vein
A rebirth ov my darkest part

In my heart deadly madness strong affration
In the darkness reincarnationI welcome you to the funeral, 
grand masquerade ball of death
Mask of treachery, smiles of dread, 
we're here to dig a thousand feet grave 
An innocent soul, deep inside, 
cries can be heard, 
Clawing at the narrow wall, 
grasping at the hollow air 
looking for a way out to freedom 
It's time to meet the same, fate 
What's the answer to the question, death 
Making the way for your, grave
The time has come for you to be, demolished 
The hole you dug to bury innocence
has swung open again 
Beckoning you to the same submission
that once you made so clear for the universe 
The walls closing in, blocking you out 
From the vanity you sucked away 
Corruption, domination all shut off,
the soul along the way escaping from you 
It's time to meet the same, fate 
What's the answer to the question, death 
Making the way for your, grave
The time has come for you to be, demolished
The treachery, apostasy 
Take place beside you 
Claustrophobia grabs you by the throat 
The torture, the torment 
That once you, inflicted, 
with the pain, pins you down 
Slams you down on your fucking mouth 
Bring forth the leviathan 
We're digging your grave 
Vultures circling overhead 
Looking for your flesh 
The walls so narrow 
Suffocating your breath 
How does it feel 
To meet the same fate 
I welcome you to the funeral, 
grand masquerade ball of death 
Mask of treachery, smiles of dread, 
we're here to dig a thousand feet grave 
An innocent soul, deep inside, 
cries can be heard, 
Clawing at the narrow wall, 
grasping at the hollow air 
looking for a way out to freedom
Everyone has gathered 
Bring out your weapons 
We're the demolishers 
Forcing you down your thousand feet, grave(Instrumental)I don't want this world to be like planet of the apes
who the hell put you in charge,
you only make mistakes
blow it up and tear it down
then let the apes start over?
why don't someone speak for me,
is my name fuckin rover?

don't wanna go in the forbidden zone
never knowing anything outside of your home
finally realize that's there's no escape
get your filthy, stinkin paws of me you damn dirty apes

most people I see are less human then an ape
cranking babies out, like factories of hate
I hate it when I have to wake up from my fantasy

where everybody works and pays taxes just like me

don't wanna go in the forbidden zone
never knowing anything outside of your home
finally realize that's there's no escape
get your filthy, stinkin paws of me you damn dirty apes

lock them in a cage like a monkey in a zoo
stare at me and laugh, but I am telling you the truth
lock them in a cage like a monkey in a zoo
We'll see who laughs last the day when monkeys rise to ruleRise up spirits of our ancestors
Join in bakhik dance again
Dance the dance of Dioskouros
And raise your swords on air

A Temple is rising
Breaks through the ground
An eagle is flying
A sign of Zeus
The Titan has awaken up
And seeks revenge
An order of the Olymbians
HELLENIC GODS

As the Titan awakes
As the Aeolian winds proclaim
The conquers END..

Nymphs were laughing in woods of Athos
But now raped by Christian cross

The earth has opened the Titan has risen
Athona! Once you threw the huge rock
Now throw it again on the conquers heads

As the eagle lands on the top of a temple of Zeus
The true light of Apollo burns the Christian cross
The rock is now been threw as the Olymbian ordered
And smashes the Christian cross and their fake Jewish godUpon your arrival
You halt and look away
You cannot believe your eyes
This is all that remains

There is nothing left

You have fallen victim to anguish
You have seen nothing but dispair
You have lost your will to live
You have gained nothing but pain

Damned by light
You see the wrath of angels
You curse the sky
Denouncing your faith in torment
Falling to your knees in anger
Your fist hits the ground
Blaming everything that stood in your path
Nothing else matters now

In your hand is the drying bloodshed
In your soul there is nothing left
In your eyes is the burning hatred
In your heart is the cold revenge

This is your last threat
Show them revenge
Put them to death
You will have their headsRunning through the corridors of this forsaken ship
My hate grows with every beat of heart
I feel like a movement and feel flash before me
Hear your screams my victim, now you last time

You are emptiness, you my food
You warm meat is so beutiful
Bloody massacre come so close
Bloody massacre come with holocaust

Before my supper I'm sweet sleep on the floor
But without of warning i feel the pain
What I see before my eyes - lovely life forms
What I feel - they try to kill?

You are emptiness, you my food
You warm meat is so beautyful
Bloody massacre come so close
Bloody massacre come with holocaustfight for life
fight to survive
fight until death
or be tortured alive(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Fullmoon Passions

I Look Deep Into The Night
As ThePassion Fills My Eyes

Nocturnal We Adore
...Forevermore...

Fullmoon Passions

I Crave The Hunt Tonight
Through My Howling Cries

I Shall Wait For Sun-Down
With Fullmoon PassionsFuckin' Inquisitors of Braunschweig
Were the most famous by their cruelty...
In the time of raving Inquisition
Triers from Braunschweig
Tormented and killed the Hennig Brabant
(who was the scholar of law)
This disgraceful murder
was the most infamous act
in the history of Inquisition
(in the history of Vile Inquisition)
...One disastrous day of September, 1604,
Hennig Brabant writhed in pain and agonized
by "Rabid Jackals"...
"Qui habet aures audiendi, audiat!"
Unprecedented torture - In the name Of God
Unprecedented torture - In the name of the Lord
Under the influence of torture
The scholar of law, Hennig Brabant
Confessed his "Hideous Sin":
The alliance with Satan
After this gory process,
On the seventeenth of September, 1604,
Terrible Occurences were started:
On the place of execution
The low scoundrels of Inquisition
Crushed the Brabant's chest
And ripped the belly of the half-dead man
Soon after the Bloodthirsty Executioner
Tore the heart of poor victim...
GOD REST HIS SOUL!He is in front the Altar 
Dealing with her god
In her trance she dont hear you
So fuck her in the butt

Fuck the priestess on the Altar of Satan

You smash her head against the wall
She screams the final call
Rip apart her clothes
only see her hole

Fuck the priestess on the Altar of Satan

Now!

In this dark Ritual 
her is given satans Child
No way out of here
She is screaming wild

Fuck the Priestess on the Altar of SatanReconcidering my faith and existence,
I have suffered too long from this distance.
Thinking I've got nothing left to loose,
An end is not an answer but a poor excuse.

I never felt a comfort or a warm embrace,
I look into the mirror to see my shattered face.
Hate has made me loose control,
I can't see the wounds that burned my soul.

When night falls fast,
I can't get no sleep.
Crying about my past,
I'm in way too deep.

My dreams were buried a long time ago,
Nothing to live for, there's nothing to grow.
The social stigma keeping me behind,
Feelings of euphoria and hatred entwined.

There's nothing left for me to grief,
I want to end this pain and find relief.
This will be the last word I'll write,
I want to release my body and soul tonight.

When night falls fast,
I can't get no sleep.
Crying about my past,
I'm in way too deep.

Poisoned blood clouding my weak mind,
I reflect on everything I'll leave behind.
All the sorrow and pain I've ever felt,
Every single lover I've never kissed or held(Instrumental)Each time the thought of suicide
Death comes in my mind
suicide is my solution
I cut my body and start to bleed
there is no remedy, no cure, there is no hope

I climb on the chair
the string is already in my neck

is my last moment
just end it all now

die with me, our last moment
I did not explain my reasons
I ate through my depression
my mind was destroyed
there is nothing else than suicideCities of immortal sin
Lacerating of bodies
Fuck the rites
Altar sacrifice
Road to pleasure
Infernal heresy
Pagans and blasphemers
Idolazind fifth idols
The pleasure and hate only reign
The high priest is polokai
Offering sacrifices
To Lilith
Asmodeus
And Azagoth

Sodom and Gomor
Cities of lust
Asmodeus control them
Lilith possessed them
Pleasure and lewdness
Pagans and blasphemers
Seducing the feeling
The cult in the temple
Oe Klattu Narada Fixto(Instrumental)The years when the child was filled of strengthen sensations passed by,
When he would sit on the riverside, motherly cared by the trees which did wrap him in their foliage

A lot of things happened so that he understood who he was and which man was asleep inside of him since ever

Many years passed by during which silence took place as an unseparable wall, all around him

No scream could get out from this hurricane which had been blowing inside of him for such a long time...

Cause him is me
Cause him is me
Cause him is me
Cause him is mespectral Vision

Through the city of the twilight
In the farthest of the sea
Behold the beauty
So limbonic, so morbid, so bright
Temptations within my heart arise 

Princess of the doom
The territory of the infamous land conqured
The lover of unholy dark
Never pure, never possesed
Blood masterbation, purity overthrown

She's all to me, the mysterious
The look in the eyes blood designed
Desires of these voilent overtue
It's all never to show
Her name upon my words
Last words now never to hide 
Everynight never tonight
The promise of another truth always denied
Everyday live inside the lie
Whatever you say
Your purity's overthrown

Narcissus hate as their pride
Binded by the circle of the death mirror
Through the pride which will never die for all the time

If wishes could only fray that bond
Pray forever as i pass on u whore rebel
I never want to find on from dusk till dawn

Enter the nightmare of Utopia
This is the secret garden
Where desert storm claim eden
Lost in the death field horizon

All there is now that is fear to me
Is only u that is causing the fear to me
What is there inside, i can never define
Now all i can see is thy spectral visions
All i can see thy spectral visions
All i fear is thy spectral visions
All that ever haunts me is thy spectral visions(Instrumental)The innocence of murder

To take a life to survive, it tasted better dead than alive. But we kill for luxury, the leisure of supremacy.

The government must amplify, and weapons made to simplify. The violence against animals, otherwise their powers will fail.

Murdering is what we do: (To take control of everything, to fulfill and satisfy). We cannot see that is why, our world is slowly falling apart. We might as well kill ourselves, and relieve the innocent bystandard. Which are the animals. Which is inevitable.

Life

As the earth warms and nourishment becomes scarce, we are forced to walk new paths for our hunger. We then look to eachother, we are all that remains...and to keep our species alive...we eat ourselves.

Taking your life

I look up to the red sky, our dead world below. We have taken everything away and now we take ourselves.We burned the bridges down and let
All perish from the ashes of old
We'll resurface to rise again
Nothing will break down the faith
That we have all this turmoil will
Only regain our strength
Nothing will ever appear in our way
We were destined to prove all the
Thing that we say

Come with me into the trance
Join us in the final dance
Cause it will not last, so
Let us raise our glass
Now together here we stand

Once again we burned the bridges down
We have risen and proven ourselves
One more time
Nothing will strangle the passion
Within the flame that we lit, will
Still burn as it did
For we are but slaves to what destiny
Named a sickness in every thinkable way(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)This place which nobody knows, 
Where lights carry you away, 
away from where the river flows, 
and night is your new day. 
Where the stars come alive. 
Going nowhere, 
I feel the noose around my throat, 
I climb these stairs up to the heavens... 
This is hell.(Instrumental)Taking off the sand
I find strange ancient artifacts
Hands that shaped the frescos
Obsolete machine of Antikythera

Posthumous builders
Invisibly manufactured
Shaped in a mysterious matter
Sacred death relic(s)

Destruction of wisdom
Devastation of the unspeakable
On this mysterious land
Worshipping the dust

Find the code to decipher
The unreal and strange instrument
Amulet of the hateful
Disturbing creation

Through strange artifacts
I can see the past emerge
Like a dark dream
In shades of copper
Of strange artifacts

In this endless desert
These arid plains
Where death enchants usAlways turn your head, 
let the others bite the shit 
talk behind the back! 
Never stand tall! 

Follow without brain every good rethoric man 
which like a rat - catcher waits! 
To manipulate your fate! 

Little Gurus profitate from 
the fear and from the hate 
so we see what money does! 
With the brainlessness of us! 

Their accounts will be so fat 
because money is not bad 
so they gamble what they can! 
With the naivety of men! 

On the back of little fools 
they build houses, swimmingpools 
travel with their privite - plane! 
To destroy another men! 

They abuse their might and 
they promise you the light 
so much people will get sad! 
Illuminate themselves to death! 

This god who dethroned us 
has destroyed our fantasies 
This god..... 

From age to age we forget 
to live on our own!!!(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)he whose hands shape the tremors, arise 
he who reigns in fire, arise 
a light ignited, a mark of sins produced 
the one has been chosen the portal is open 
a new epoch now born 
violent splitting of the earth 
cracking from the core 
defilement of artifact 
and the scent of the dead 
raise the hands, bow in ritual 
vessels aligned, scattered in unison 
raise the hands, intonations 
voices divide, spawning dysithrian 
fragments come together 
dismemberments align 
like water drawn back to ocean 
to walk again into the shadow 
a light ignited, a mark of sins produced 
the one has been chosen the portal is open 
a new epoch now born 
blood fills the streets 
blood fills the sky 
blood washes over our cities 
blood is everywhere 
the new world is born... 
the new world is bathed.. 
...in bloodThey're on their way to massacre
While marching through the night
With mind lost in prayers
In blood they thrust the light
They're fighting in the name of god
Devoted to their cause
Their courage must be proven
Slay the evil followers
Proudly under their flags
They will ride
They are following holy beliefs
On sacred land they ride
And send the souls to damnation
But there are still so many battles
And many deaths until triumph
Let divine light shine through
Devours
Hold the book of reasons
All the evil preachers burn
Holy killers
They use the book of god a reason
To send the lost souls to damnation
Holy killers
They'll free the sacred land of all
The preachers
Holy killers
They ride off winds of light
To be saved
Still they wander through
The darkness of their life
Should have let it go
When the light came haunting you
Should have let it go
Let it live without no fearMoje ime je zlobno
Mrzim vas prokleti hriscani
Morate od moje ruke pasti
Svi ste vi umno poremeceni

Satanizam je sloboda
Hriscanstvo je bolest
Lucifer je bog
Isus je ortodoksni lazov

Vjerujte u gubavca
Lazova i nehumaniste
Iscjelitelja lazi i prevare
Sina bogorodice krvave

Gradite vase crkve pogane
Bacajte milijarde pokradene
Dok gladni umiru u mukama
Vjerujte idalje hristu, raspetom bolesnikuHemodynamic consequences 
Endophagy among internal organ anatomy , shortness of breath 
Intoxicated syndromes of cranial failure 
Septicemia severe pathogenic organisms in the bloodstream 
Abnormal white blood cell count 
Coagulation pathways, cause damage to the vascular organs 
Progress to multiple organ dysfunction syndrome to death 
Multifocal necrotizing leukoencephalopathy 
Pulmonary dysfunction, , decreased urine production,rotten mental status 
Surgical drainage of infected fluid collections 
Organ dysfunction results from local changes in blood flow 
Systolic and diastolic heart failure 
Bacterial infection of the heart valves 
Septic gored patients 
Toxicated oxygen delivery to the tissues 
Oxidative stress and dysfunction 
Rapid loss of brain function slow decay & dead 
Causing paralysis of the affected skeletal muscles 
Injected victims with a deadly overdose of drugs 
Unsterilized oxidation on festering bodies 
Bestial agelast on surgeons face(Instrumental)Baptized in Serpent's blood, I wait for thee.
Bloodstained rituals carves names into me.
Visions mesmerized whispers obscure
of long forgotten Sins, Salvation insecure.

I have read of Stones that wept wounded.
I have seen old Trees that once cried.
I live the Curse of the meaning forever
and all I have left is to sing you to me.

I sing you to me!(Instrumental)I can't believe the sun is shining
After all I've been through
The breeze invites my interest
And how can I refuse ?
The anecdote of the jar
It's taken so long,to get this far
The actor takes his final bow
But...just look at me now
My mind is strong & silent
My thoughts are clear & bright
Crisp & bold
It's my will that holds the key
I once was weak of interest
I once feared dark of night
I once was blind
But now my eyes can see
I can't see through 
The window of time
Or answer to the puzzled rhyme
I can't mend my broken vow
But...just look at me now
They pulled me from the wreckage
Battered & left for dead
Nerves of steel
Could not conceal my pain
My life has become a schedule
My life became a bed
The needle burn
Was how I learned the game
I can't see through
The window of time
Or answer to the puzzled rhyme
I can't mend my broken vow
But...just look at me nowUnholy master Satan, take my blackened soul
Show me the secret gate
Where the lord of darkness rule
Take away my life
Take it far away
Take it to the shadows
I must die

Into realms of darkness
Where eternal shadows fall
My soul shall be free
Departed from the dying world
Embreced by the dark lord
My soul shall be immortal
Forever and ever I follow
My master Satans call

In the sign of the horns
Come and take my life
In the sign of the horns
I must die

Satan - hear my cries of anger
Come forth from the shadows - and take my life away
Master - sacrifice my soul
Make me one with darkness - Satan let me free

In the sign of the horns
Come and take my life
In the sign of the horns
I must die

Into realms of darkness
Where eternal shadows fall
My soul shall be free
Departed from the dying world
Embreced by the dark lord
My soul shall be immortal
Forever and ever I follow
My master Satans call

Satan - hear my cries of anger
Come forth from the shadows - and take my life away
Master - sacrifice my soul
Make me one with darkness - Satan let me free

In the sign of the horns
Come and take my life
In the sign of the horns
I must dieMy words are carnal, they've got elbows lips
They groved by the skin
Blood flow through them, spittle are dripping through them
Glands are growling in them
cold air is hissing in the lugs of my words
they've got liver, kidney about spine is beating
Hairy muscle, black heart of words
My words are carnal
their skin is peeling
Kidneys are blocking
Gums are rotting to them
Heart is pumping sand in the dry weins of words
Hair is getting off
The tongue is breaking down
Glands producing white sweet mould
Cancer is storing black eggs in the spine of flesh
Nerves are rotting separetly
pituary gland separetly
Liver of words is refusing
Obedience to words
Heart is cracking to them
And from the open laryx
Flowing foamy stream
Spittle
Blood
and phlegmI drank of your poison, and I praised your name
You led me to ruin, and tricked me to take part in your shame
Though seasons change, in your hell you shall remain
I will praise the day when you lie dead in your grave

I'll eat the hand that feeds you
A sadistical beast, you seek the tight grip of the noose
Watch you starve, naked, beaten and forlorn
I'll be the henchman that sets you loose

Drugged from the first touch by your hand
A trophy, still breathing, lies waiting for your death
Once field in mental chains, this dog's buy now unleashed
Firm jaws now snap across your neck

Possessed eyes encircling every move
Let the sounds of the night suffocate your lament
The shadows darkening your face
Endless scorn buried in my veins

As a constrictor I'll sense your warm pulse
Sepulchre, tins is your time to die as those you have hurt
The choir of your twisted gospels forever rings in my ears
Onward cowards salvation, I know I can't win

Grinding the wheels of my existence
To always feel persecuted on a trail of treason and fear
Cause I know you will escape from the womb that sucked you in
Carefully watching me as I burn in the ruins where I stored the anger withinAs bastard sons of hate
of men
we came to bring
our lies among the pure
we rise to announce
the fall of your lord
we are here to win

We have no mother
we are born
from hate
We have no mother
we are born

So with our lies
well prevail
among men
we are here
to bring disease

We have no mother
we are born
from hate
We have no mother
we are born

We are here
to see falling
all your thruths
we rise to announce
the fall of your lord
under sun
dying sun
we are here to win

All is falling
and the pure
returns to
the side of liea proverbial laxative for the vulva your pennyroyal tea need not apply 
i don't think you want this but if you insistDon't take me down 
Face to face with destiny
I see how much I have to learn
Life is a game and it plays
Tricks with our heart
To these we are submit
Is just a sentimental test
It's only supported by those who
Keep balance between the right and wrong

To be what I don't want to be
Because they still forcing me
But from the ten commands created by the humanity
Not even one is able 
To correct this creatures acts
Each thousands of
Those spoken words
They still don't know
How I feel
This is used to show me
What I shouldn't be
Can you feel my heart?
This is not TV this is real 
Don't break my soul
Don't kill my hopes
I cannot stand it anymore
Don't judge my dreams 
Don't still my faith
Don't awake my fears
Don't take me down

Clear as water truth
Fits as gloves on my hands
Giving me the power 
Just to understand
Showing which way should I keep distance from
See that reality is in our dreams and not inside our eyes 
It is worthless to be the greatest
It is worthless to be the best
It's worse to be the richest
It's worse to be the strongest
If that is real to us
This is not a dream
For who believes(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Like the sand can seep right through your fingers so can all your day
As those days go by you'll have me there to help you find the way
The way i feel with you i know it's got to last forever

And when the rain begins to fall
You'll ride my rainbow in the sky
And i will catch you if you fall
You'll never have to ask me why
And when the rain begins to fall i'll be the sunshine in your life
You know that we can have it all and everything will be alright

Time goes by so fast
You've got to have a dream
To just hold on
All my dreams of love began
With the reality of you
You and i believe
That all our dreams will last forever

And when the rain begins to fall
You'll ride my rainbow in the sky
And i will catch you if you fall
You'll never have to ask me why
And when the rain begins to fall i'll be the sunshine in your life
You know that we can have it all and everything will be alright

Though the sun may hide
We still can see
The light that shines for you and me

We'll be together all that we can be

And when the rain begins to fall
You'll ride my rainbow in the sky
And i will catch you if you fall
You'll never have to ask me why
And when the rain begins to fall i'll be the sunshine in your life
You know that we can have it all and everything will be alright
And when the rain begins to fallNo trumpets called
as I razed these walls
all thoughts ceased
my mind turned to ash

Where were those
who tried to save me
in these ruined streets of shame

No truths, no gods
a sun that did not rise that day
a son that did not rise that day

The lash, the tree and the nail
all it took to undo
what was "undoable"

A wasted look to the skyDepression pulls me down once more
I know that this time it's for real
Won't beg for help
No final words
A shadow I have become

I curse my life
I've tried to break free from the pain
I hate my fate
Don't let me live

My song of suffering
I give to you
My song of suffering
Anthem of doom
Give me a reason
To carry on
Give me a reason
Or hand me a gun

I enter the void
Through the gates of suicide
The plague in my flesh
Cancer of doom that you've called lifeMy Power 

	All my life
	a waste of time
	expected things
	that are not said

	change your sight 
	renew your mind
	look at me
	everything wrong

	Chorus:

	Master		you say to me 
	Faster		untouchable
	Catcher		just take your crown
	your innocent muscle 	
	Power		unbelievable
	Tower		you came to us closer
	Closer		and throw away all
	your Reign and every hour

	Just for your Power

	Hopes are done
	now come along
	to hear this song
	from more than me

	All my luck
	worked hard for it
	is now the chance 
	to fake you

	Chorus

	Master		say to you
	Faster		untouchable
	Catcher		take my crown
	my innocent muscle 
	Power		unbelievable
	Tower		I came to you
	Closer		and threw away all
	my Reign and every hour

	Just for my PowerNighttime moonlight
Illuminates the land
Swirling mists cold as ice
Enrapturing my mind

And through the fog funeral mist
Behold bloodred eyes

Mesmerized, hypnotized
By evil gleaming eyes

Dreamland nightmare
A vision in the dark,
Love dies and flames rise
As glowing embers burn

And through the flames of hell's domain
Behold bloodred eyes

Mesmerized, hypnotized
By evil gleaming eyesEmbrace my soul
Embrace my soul
Embrace my soul
Gutural songs created your winds
Creating ghost visions
The terrible prophecies of your songs
Close myself to you

Embrace my soul malignant wind
Leave fall your darkness on myself
Embrace my soul majestic winter...
Embrace my soul majestic winter...

Your cold presence full me of depression
Depression
Embrace my soul majestic winter
Now I'm inside of your colder thought
Among forest full of obscurity
Surrounded of huge mountains
I found the sadness and total depression...
My soul feel which here an true battle in their all times
True battle in their all times
Times got over to drag the majestic winter
Majestic winter
And comes with me to full my soul of true time of destruction
Embrace my soul and turn me in one part of you
Majestic winter you are sadness and depression(Instrumental)Calm and silent is the beautiful night
Soft winds appeared to increase in strength
The metallic scent of blood suddenly filled the air
Lightning of destruction fills the crumbling sky

Proud i march over the useless bleeding waste
Free from those pathetic chains that holds us to our fate
The chanting of the storms seems to be louder every night
The sky is slowly fading, and gone is the futile light

To the sound of storms, infinity will fade
To the sound of storms, damnation will reign

Mortal souls are shattered by unholy storms of chaos
Our wrath is restless violence
The sound of damnation is calling

Proud i march over the useless bleeding waste
Free from those pathetic chains that holds us to our fate
Greater storms are to come, so i have been told
Black and desolate, everything is cold. universe in universe,
No light is to be found
Black were our hearts, and black is the end

To the sound of storms, infinity will fade
To the sound of storms, damnation will reign

Mortal souls are shattered by unholy storms of chaos
Our wrath is restless violence
The sound of damnation is calling(Instrumental)Ambiguous Delirium (Emerna cover)

nought ...

	vivacious in shining gardens.
	when god absolves your ignorance.

	sleeping with shadows of cedars.
	you love your life and this joyance.

	you pray for your chilish desires,
	to something you never felt.

	to something you never saw.
	to someone you never have.

	it's for when you are sunken inside lies, where you don't belong.

	descending in baseless emptiness.
	revolving inside of nought.

	and anguished by disjointed perceptions,
	in illusive incoherent thought.

	invisible discordance of time.
	indeterminate sense into pace.

	and tearful by disjointed perceptions,
	in unreal silence of grief.

	it's for when you are drifting inside of reality, where you really are.


	believe me there's nothing than nothing.
	it's immense cycle and cypher.

	you think not I know what I say.
	you think not I know what I say.

	just feel that discordance of nature.
	believe in erosion of creature.

	deny those illusive perceptions.
	and accept your natural depression.

	believe in resumption of death.
	believe in departure of breath.

	I saw a disorder in motions.
	I saw those repugnant emotion.

	and forget sensations you sought.
	then fall into silence of nought.

	you think not you knew what I said.
	you think not you know what I'll say.

	for I saw that infinite twister blackness,
	drowned its creatures in its absolute gloom,
	and thence whatever we know,
	is positive obscurity of an absent reality, no more.

you are sunken in that gloom and this is not life,
	because gradually you outwear, to complete a cycle.
	be sure you'll never hide from erosion and revival, that's epidemic.
	now if you think you have a soul,
	I should to say that's nothing except your nerves,
	that will stop with natural erosion of your luscious flesh.
	a glorious materialistic death.
	now you can curse your parents,
	or hate this stupid humanity and their daydream.
	you can cut your flesh with a razor,
	or you can call the police or emergencies.
	or you can ... what am I talking about? ...
	I think not ... let ... I look again ...
	Ok I was a child and my dad hurt ...
	what? ... am I insane? ... where I am? ...
	what am I talking about? ...
	what am I talking about? ...
	what's this darkness? ...
	please somebody tell me what's wrong with me? ...
	no I'll be fine I'm sure ... I'll be fine ...
	and I'll be there again, yeah ...
	no I don't know, I'm not sure, I'm not sure ...
	psychosis? ...
	what? ...
	cycle? ...
	emptiness? ...
	emptyness? ...

	huahaa ...

(Lyrics untouched, and written by Emerna and were given to Learza)(Instrumental)On The Wings Of Nightmare

I had a dream before
Across the enchanted night
Believing in your fears so much 
That I became the truly living lie
Trapped in this dream I tried to understand
Why spiders try to fly and eagles try to crawl in sand

Creatures from nothing are falling on me
I just saw their immense scars 
trying to carry my only light

You know, I have been so wicked
So you know, the only way out
But you know, this was just a dream
You know, this was just a dream

Screams in vain, desperation in dead gallery
I had to grin on their face
Because my blaze was extinguished by their rage

My cremator was there,
laughing he knew all my fears 
and grimly he was approaching to me

You know, I have been so desperate
So you know, the only way out
But you know, this was just a dream
I am so glad, this was just a dream
Nothing to fear, this was just a dream
But I realize, I have not wake up (yet).An ancient malady 
Older than the pyramids 
Suppresed for millenia 
Clotted in the heart 

An endless torment 
Beyond all imagination 
Torture of the mind 
Of the body and soul 

Anaesthesia dolorosa 
A pain without an end 
Anaesthesia dolorosa 
A prayer for death 

A paralyzing fear 
Of horror yet to come 
An agonizing awareness 
Of the useless existence 

An unbearable anguish 
Inner hunger and thirst 
The ultimate nightmare 
Of the human scumYou're losing sight
Break the hold and see the light
Break this cycle
Break your flesh
Crucify
Break you flesh
Let it die
Break your flesh
Surrender the Hyde
Break your flesh
Live to gratify
Break your flesh
Crucify
Break you flesh
Let it die
Kill your flesh
Surrender the Hyde
Break your flesh
Live to gratify
Sickens me to the core
I do not do what I want to
Instead I do what I hate the most
Disobedience
I feel like cutting loose
With this enemy that is killing me from within
Always causing me to stumble
Run away from the sin
It follows me everywhere I go
There must be blood on my knees from so many prayers
Behold, the flesh is a snare, a recurring nightmareLost symbols in decades of rightness
Prove me the strength of faith
The way of purity wrote with sores
Hamstrings tighten in constriction
A breathing statue sweating fear
A priceless act no doubtful denial...
A deeper sense to your spells
A bloodline consumed in sodomy
Render me your martyr's glance
Lost symbols in decades of rightness
Prove me the strength of faith
The way of purity wrote with sores
Creeping into this dry desert of convulsed flesh
Where a lack of passion shines
Into meticulosity measures by perfection
Each stroke blessed, each spasm kissed
Each look cut toward a higher degree of rigor
A deeper sense to your spells
A bloodline consumed into sodomy
Render me your martyr's glance
Lost symbols in decades of rightness
Prove me the strength of faith
The way of purity wrote with sores
Hamstrings tighten in constriction
A breathing statue sweating fearI've seen strange signs on my way 
 Silent shadows 
 Dancing shapes 
 And angels fallen on the earth 

 Face up 
 And look there 
 When the root ov thy being cannot reach 

 Art thou Nephilim child? 
 Are ye looking for thy Elysium? 
 Here among the living trees? 
 Among the fading stars, variablility ov forms? 

 Sometimes love, Sometimes sadness ov things 
 Sometimes rapture, and wine o sabbath 
 Sometimes hatred, divine rage 
 And 93 rears, no limit, beyond the sin - gilgolem 

 Ye taught me the secret words: 
 IAO SABAO 
 Protect thy Daimon 

 Why why whisper thoughts 
 But might is raised 
 When conjurer of seasons 
 Hums the song... sorrowful, joyful 
 Night is eternal 
 And day is eternal 
 With runes ov life 
 And runes ov death 
 As above, so below 
 Now it's time ov the Beastfear not to undergo the curses
fear not at all
fear neither men no fates
nor gods, nor anything
fear not    fear not
money fear not
nor laughter of the folk folly
nor any other power
in heaven
or upon the earth
or under the earth
fear not    fear notLethargic minds blown in a blast from the past 
Thou shalt never condone whatever thou hast 

So put aside your piggish pride 
How does it sound to you if I give you a ride? 

Find a thousand reasons to hate yourself 
But never make it a job for anyone else 
Because your own worst enemy is always inside 
Search wherever one may run and hide 

Slay what belongs to your nature 
You're an accumulation of your failures 
Bleed every ounce of blood in you 
Vanity suffocates the truth 

Stifled again 
Denial again 
Reprisal again 
Denial again and again 

The rising tide of suicide 
Deep down you know who is to blame 

Find a thousand reasons to hate yourself 
But never make it a job for anyone else 
Because your own worst enemy is always inside 
Look into a looking glass, the scar opens wide 
It opens wide 

Be not afraid to shed light on the beast 

Find a thousand reasons to hate yourself 
But never make it a job for anyone else 
Because your own worst enemy is always inside 
Search wherever one may run and hide 
Look into a looking glass, the scar opens wide 
It opens wideSangre de tu culo quiero ver sadir
Concheto hijo de puta y la puta que te pario a tu mama
Cuando mierda se van a morir
Cuando mierda se van a podrir
Estamos cansado de su conchetada
Va los queremos matar
Ya los queremos mutilar
Ya los queremos destripar
Metele un combazo en el pecho
Sacale la piel a mordiscones
Cortales los dedos con tenasa
Quieren sangrar agonizarmuere culeao, sacrificao
No aguantaran ser torturao
Y destripao ya moriranBlindfolded, gasping through the mask 
Silent, a wild smile on his face 
Candle over her body, burning your back 
Breaking the wax, leaving a trace 

Living for this moment 
Hear the cracking sound 
Feel the burns on your back 
Love the lash of pain 

Ecstasy of the whip ! 

High-heels, leather, hear her breathing 
Kneeling down, respecting her might 
In her omnipotence, she's coming 
Waiting with fear and delight 

Living for this moment 
Hear the cracking sound 
Feel the burns on your back 
Love the lash of pain 

Ecstasy of the whip !I'm gonna make you fall in misery
addict you to a poison, without a cure
make you feel indestructable and pure
when a blow of wind can kill you
while you're insecure


You're going down, you're going down
you're going down now
you're going down, you're going down
you're going down forever
you're going down, you're going down
you're going down, as you wished to
 
It's all because of me
but you didn't stop me
And now as you fall down
I am rising to the top
You're going down bitchI am quiet on a strange throne.
Upon the dream of human, I await.
This silent relm of the unknown. Where am I ?
Suspended in the cosmic dome.
Sad, immersed in anguish.
Restless clouds of dust,
storms of the hidden forms of life.
Appeared in front of me.
Are they our gods ? Are they our demons ?
A level of intuition, higher than subconsciousness.
Past and future in the same instant.
All physical shit, the same lie.
We are the betrayers of light.
Behind the curtain of wisdom.
From the outer kingdom.
Veneration of the false idol,
it will be destroyed.
By the hands of dignity. Insane, insane...
again I was here in other existence.
I saw this place of doom.
Is it heaven or hell ? Where is god ?
Our creations ? Where is the unlord...
Centuries, ages, milleniums have passed,
The Zero Zone, the Zero Age, but the infinity.
To reach the path to oblivion.
Trying to understand my punishment.
I need to find the key. Why ? I can't forgive.
I fall, the everlasting cliff I fall.Ghost Tower of Inverness

Castle ruins lie before you
black towers pierce the sky
Built by arcane magic
in long forsaken lands
Deep in its guarded walls
terror waits to be freed.....

Chorus::
Trapped forevermore (in)
(the) ghost tower of Inverness
There is no escape (from)
(the) ghost tower of Inverness

Summoned from the dark abyss
Demons from the pits of Hell
Invoked by the master
Trap your soul in endless night
Those who (dare) enter the tower
Will never (again) see the light
 
Chorus::
Trapped forevermore (in)
(the) ghost tower of Inverness
There is no escape (from)
(the) ghost tower of Inverness

 Time is forever frozen
In this cold desolate haunt
Captured within the soul gem
Torment your eternal fate
Now Join the incorporeal undead
Filled with (their) malicious hate

Chorus::
Trapped forevermore (in)
(the) ghost tower of Inverness
There is no escape (from)
(the) ghost tower of Inverness
Chorus::
Chained eternally(in)
(the) ghost tower of Inverness
A revenant you'll be (in)
(the) ghost tower of InvernessNow I try, where are you? 
I don't want to change my life 
Because under the shadows 
I don't want to tell you goodbye 
You are my eyes, you are my mind 
But only you are my life 
You don't understand me but take my hand 

Living for your heart, crying to the fear 
You are in my sweet dreams every night 
Giving you my life fighting for your love 
Love is like run through the dark 

After a love I don't want to be free 
I need my girl playing with me 
But after the freedom I want to see 
My mind was blind but now is free 

Now I'm laughting, where are you? 
I don't give a shit, yes! 
Because now I've found life without your pain 
I have my eyes and I have my mind 
I'm alone in my life 
You didn't understand me 
I take my way 

Living for my heart, laughting at fear 
You are in my nightmare some night 
Now I have my life without a war 
Love is like run through the dark 
Through the dark 

After a love I don't want to be free 
I need my girl playing with me 
But after the freedom I want to see 
My mind was blind but now is free 

Living for my heart, laughting at fear 
You are in my nightmare some night 
Now I have my life without a war 
Love is like run through the dark 
Through the dark 

After a love I don't want to be free 
I need my girl playing with me 
But after the freedom I want to see 
My mind was blind but now is free(music and lyrics by Fenriz)

Shaken and stirred in the dungeons!
Why is it you find yourself there?
Left in the mud - without a torch
(a fruitless endeavour) and NO ONE CARES!
...no they don't - AH!

Seen stumbling around in darkness
- questioning honours and dreams
Those treasures will never befall you
- they're out of reach

Crawling out at the foot of the mountain
Even weaker than when you entered!
- WHEN YOU HAVE NO SOUL AND GUIDANCE IS NONE, THERE'S NO USE IN BEING SELF-CENTERED!!!
...no it ain't!

Seen stumbling around in the darkness
- questioning honours and dreams
(then) those treasures will never befall you
- they're out of reach...
...FOR YOU!(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)3. Forever be free

Begin the quest - a clear destination
we hit top speed - without hestitation
a dangerous journey - but one we are willing to take

One on one with destiny - fate is sealed, behold the key
emancipation for theose who are willing to die

Forever be free

Minds are focused - the prize we have eyes on
crossing landscapes - ablaze the horizons
goodwill and fortune yet no one has ever escaped

Pray
to be free again
saved
ending their painy

Forever be free

From out of nowhere - not heeding theiry warning
malicious rampage - now we lay here dying
the ones who warned us are sealing our fate as we die

Forever be free(Instrumental)"We are gathered here, for the funeral of Jesus Christ. May he be cast, into eternal damnation!!!"

Bring to me, the head of Jesus Christ
My faithful servent Iscariot
The savior, is dead and so is legacy
It's all dead, on a fucking cross
The parasite of all religion.
They bow down to their unseen lord
Make your way, to the grave, cut off the prophet's head!
And cast into hell! No more!

"Cursed fucking Nazarene! Your time has come!"

Walk to, Golgotha, where the savior is laid to waste
In a tomb, you'll never wake!
Your soul is cast to Satan!

Laid! Died! Bleed the son of god!!
Dead in Hell!!!!

Worship Satan! Satan! Satan! SATAN!!!!!!!ina heart crushed hard
a cold diamond is stuck still
let me understand:
who i am? what should i feel?

the sence of existence, so grey
got stuck in my past day
how long, please tell me
will i search for thee?

in the mirror made of diamond
with the dream realm i bond
there my future i can see
please, from this dream set me free

when the night halls with the starry spark
my mirror breds the perfect dark
there sounds foggish tune of pain
it's not blood, that runs in my vein

in the mirror made of diamond
with the dream realm i bond
there my future i can see
please, from this dream set me freeStepping out from the black
Other voices join the fold(Instrumental)As though a Phoenix doth ruins burn,
Stricken with by-gone years,
As fire devours frail bodies so,
Life moves throughout its journey,
The spirits of fated ones,
From flesh and bones advance,
The funeral pyres burn red!

Yet to it returns, after time and space,
A life restored anew,
When that the ashes now begin,
From the force of flames,
To join and fuse again!

Though buildings were of ruin,
The flames did cease and cool,
Bone-cases all but broken,
The burning now turned blue,
Then from the pile, a likeness,
In the spring sun's gleam doth grow!

The sign of sun as giving hope,
Up over oceans, of noble stars delight,
A sparkling gem, as though in gold encased,
By smiths' artifice, it has been set!(Instrumental)Growing tired of your selfrighteus ways
Only concerned of the riches you gain
So high up in your chair
That you can't look down
And the circle of violence 
Goes round and round

Behind a perfect smile
a mind of deceit disguised
Spreading the disease

poisoned tongues
Spread the web of lies
But the truth still lies
Between the lines
Don't tell us what to believe
Contaminate us with your disease
Your aims are so easy to see

We're coming across the lines
Tearind own you disguise
Killing the disease

For thousands of year
Man has ruled the world
Taking alll they he can
Raed and ruined
All around
Disease of manI know a thing or two about her
I know she'll only make you cry
She'll let you walk the street beside her
But when she wants she'll pass you by

Everybody says she's lookin' good
And the lady knows it's understood
Strutter

She wears her satins like a lady
She gets her way just like a child
You take her home and she says "Maybe, baby"
She takes you down and drives you wild

Everybody says she's lookin' good
And the lady knows it's understood
Strutter

I know a thing or two about her
I know she'll only make you cry
She'll let you walk the street beside her
But when she wants, she'll pass you by

Everybody says she's lookin' good
And the lady knows it's understood
Strutter
Strutter
StrutterMan's destiny is not of this world
Beyond the ebony of forever
Our true enlightenment awaits.

Open the gates
With the virtue of our strength
Banish our weakness
And travel on the astral wheel

Encounter the monolith
Encounter your evolution!
Beyond the black forever!

Feel the rapture, peel your shell
Transcending the infinite
Unleashing your potential
Through conscious acts of will

Man's destiny is not of this world
Beyond the ebony of forever
Our true enlightenment awaits.

Dispose of languid flesh
Engulf the soul with splendor

Witness the cowering dark
Monolith voids conception

Travel towards your destiny and never
cease moments ever to view the past
Voyage beyond the restraints of this world
and bring about the end of man!(Instrumental)Cursed Lake

If the dead could speak,many legends would remain
Down the path to Arvela,behind the hills of the doomed
Tthey are lying buried,drowned in the lake of despair
After centuries have passed, they're haunting the place again

The lake have seen man,countless have failed
To reveal what never bends, to gather glory and honour
Something is calling, only few know how to resist
It takes what belongs to it, and what's supposed to end.

The curse of the lake,a long forgotten tale from the ancients?

Once they were the rulers,of this miserable lands
Emperors of decadence,now the fog on the lake 
Tyrants of the slaves,later they become the victims...
.....of the infernal powers,which surround this ancient glad

It takes vengeance to the kings,who took and gave nothing
Their spiritits are fouled,as they will ever be
Nothing will change,nothing will happen....
So it's time to conquer and to open this book again

The Curse of the lake,a long forgotten tale from the ancientsIn the depths of the cold seasons,
Dreams come to me;
Offering hellish torture,
Reminding me of what once was.
In the plaintive vision,
I remember a paradise that once was.

Surrounded by warmth,
I stood amongst July's proud broadleaves.
I stood amongst life
In the comforting energy of a vibrant world.

But at the fall of every year
I know it's not to be.
Awakening from my dreams,
I find desolation.

My vibrant world gone,
I behold a land
Engraved in tombstone gray.
And within the depths of my heart,
I feel as a silent monster would;
Standing over the corpse of his only friend.The time for battle has come
For Greece to crash the Persians
In Boeotia in 479 B.C.
They formed alliances of mighty strength
Of Sparta, Corinth, Megara, Athens
The future of their descendants
Lies upon their hands

March, march with shields of steel
Break the enemy in the fields
Raise your swords, take their heads
Holocaust, realities of war

Dark is their spell
Hover the mist
Hollow the wheel carries on
Over and over and over again
Life is devoured by the war
Silent and deadly the fall

The Persians fought with rage in war
The Greeks instead
They fought with might and soul
They killed Mardonius the leader
A slaughter so untold
Revenge for Thermopylae finally came
But what cam after was the Marathon
The one that finally put an end
To this war, to this war

Dark is their spell
Hover the mist
Hollow the wheel carries on
Over and over and over again
Life is devoured by the war
Silent and deadly the fall
The fall of MardoniusWe stand arguing in torrential rain 
And I'm okay with that 
Knowing that these tears 
Could most likely just be from this weather 
I've been called a loser 
Just sort of stagnant in life 
It all ended with a slap to the face 
and a get-your-shit-together 
Fair enough, fair enough 
Now I'm left standing within this storm alone 
You know, just the usual 
and I can't help but wonder 
How things would have been if I actually tried 
Tried holding these friendships together 
Mending these issues instead of calling it quits 
But now I'm a lonewolf 
These emotions have gradually diminished 
and I think I like the suffering 
This state of isolation... 
Atrophied, but I think it's still there 
Albeit seemingly shrinking 
Might as well discard this heart 
like a cheap carnival prize 
Ephemeral like spadefoot toads 
Now rotten and covered with flies.It is I a demon with wings 
It is I for which the gospel sings 
In praise of blackened sky 
Killing all holy It is I 

It is I with blackened blood 
It is I that will start the floods 
To bury the preachers lie 
By my power It is I 

It is I a creep in the night 
It is I that will begin the fight 
Between the God in the sky 
I am the Devil It is I(music by ADRAMELECH)Dark shadows invoking
The souls of the damned
Curse from Hades
The Earth resonates the lament

Fall down before the death at its throne
The undead shall possess the unborn
Seven steps to descent of Nergal
Seventh gate you won't pass alive

Akkaru be my true guide
My soul won't cease to worship the death

Archways of Cutha
The Earth's solemn dirge of woe
Darkness inveils the skies
For this world the time has come to die

Heed my world Cutha
Command to conquer the world of light
In fear you quake
The pillar of Enoch will break

Fall down before the death at its throne
The undead shall possess the unborn
Seven steps to descent of Nergal
Seventh gate you won't pass alive

Akkaru be my true guide
My soul won't cease to worship the deathStems of thorns lie along a weary path
Gates of gold shine peril and deceit
The chalice tilted divulges what's to pass
An hourglass promises the final grains to end

Take a last look at the sunset
Absolve all the suffering and pain
An eclipse will rise for tomorrow's dawn
And lull all existence fading into eternal sleep...I wait for the subway to hell
Total relentless aggravation
No one will tell

Visions of death
Pass through your eye
The final journey
Of your life
No one knows where you'll be found
Mindless people won't be around

Lost with no destination
Bodies poisoned with sin
Seeing your lifes destruction
Destroying the flesh from within

Visions of death
Pass through your eye
The final journey
Of your life
No one knows where you'll be found
Mindless people won't be around

Visions of death
Pass through your eye
The final journey
Of your life
No one knows where you'll be found
Mindless people won't be aroundabsence absurdity amazement anger anxiety arm art awakening
beauty bed behavior bodies brain breathe certainty chasm 
confession consciousness courage creation damnation dark delight desire (disaster) disappearance 
(disease)

ecstasy embrace emotions eroticism errors experience expression
fall fate fatigue female fidelity fight flavor forgiveness freedom

genius gift god hands happiness 
heart heels hell help hooker identity imagination 
inside instinct intrigue jealousy kiss knowledge laceration life
lightness limits love lucifer

madness melancholy memory mistake misunderstanding moral mouths mystery
nails nice nightmare oath odor orgasm pain paradise possession pulse

questions rage reaction reality
relief respect rise ruin seduction
senses sex shame silence sin skin soul
tattoos tears thighs thrill time touch trust truth

understanding union
value voices
waiting watch wound
x y zero(Instrumental)Never Blow Out The Eastern Candle
Your five-fold kiss was rather invoking;
Beside the chancel is your unphallic wand,
And use it wisely in order to fly.

MOONFIRE!
ALLAXITOS!

My jewel is the lust from your kiss;
Your breasts made me the lover of the three-fold locus,
So take thy hand and join me for elixir,
And we shall ride the portentous serpent tonight.

Your five fold tongue has defiled me,
I'm stranded by the tree of Storax
Thus, we banish your unphallic wand,
In order to make our nexus ecstasy

MOONFIRE!
CUM TO ME.
ALLAXITOS!
CUM WITH THEE.

NEVER BLOW OUT THE EASTERN CANDLE!
NEVER BLOW OUT THE EASTERN CANDLE!
NEVER BLOW OUT THE EASTERN CANDLE!

FOREVERRehab is the pledge
A prince to supervise the task
Success is on the edge
In disguise behind the mask

Gifted daughter is requested as the price
A cleric dowry for the warlock left in ice
Secretly branded him deep in his mind
To give her away

Forbidden spells of ancient time
Cast to guard against decline
Forbidden spells of twilight force
Feed the virus from its source

Debate, dispute, deny, retry
Discuss, refuse, draw near, agree

Promises are made in clarity
Secrets in the other hand
Speaking honest words of irony
To vanish after in the sand

Gifted daughter is requested as the price
A cleric dowry for the warlock left in ice
Secretly branded her deep in her mind
To unfold the door

We debate, dispute, deny and retry
Discuss, refuse, draw near and finally agree
Speaking the honest words of irony
To vanish in the sandA soft drink tainted with biochemicals
has the power to turn people into testicles.
A man takes a drink and wanders into the night,
and soon his scrotum grows to twice the size.

An aggressive prick sway from his underwear,
His mind in misty environments is still unclear.
Don't really understand what it is that happening
Get first sight of it when he's about to crapping.

Soon his testes escapes his scrotal
He yells terrified in a higher vocal.
Meander around his neck like a snake,
get an orgasm and starts to shake.(Instrumental)Cold comfort in madness
For fools and hypocrites
A noose strangling reason
Common sense left for dead

Seed od Insanity
Sowling stupidity

Make them hate, make them kill
Twist their minds, take their lives

Seed of insanity
Growling stupidity

Procreationg burden
Broken minds, empty eyes
Swarming like rats over garbage
Infecting the world with your plague

Afraid of the dark, lost in the ight
Night is now day, wrong is now right
Swallow the poison, swallow the lie
Longing for afterlife, longing to die

Do not question outlandish contradictions
Do not question the holy exhortations

Grasp for salvation
Grasping for hope
Grasping for meaning
Where there is none

Evil in every shadow
Evil must be destroyed...

Seed of insanity
Lost hold of reality
Seed of insanity
Welcome atrocityAn infernal call through the night
And the glorious masters of metal unite
On the streets, tortured by thirst
The clock strikes twelve, they are ready to burst

Lock up your wife!!!
Gonna end your fancy thrive...
When you hear a hateful yell
They're gonna bring you hell

The hellhounds rush...
...through the depths of the night
By the crack of thunder
Beer Hammers strike!!!

Beer Hammers!

Aiming for the battered cellar bar
With your cheapest booze you shall fill up the jar
The meanest, the devil's right hand
If the sun goes up, let darkness descend

Don't dare to start a fight
You won't survive that fateful night!!
If you get the hammers pissed
You're gonna feel their fistsscreaming chasm into these emptied voids
senses aroused by the undoing of creation
weapons of these vengeful arrangements
to coincide with this mass fall of imperium

immense columns holding up the heavens
collapsing from the might of the choirs below
burrowing hallucination from the infested carrion
in this apocalypse for the millennium of the sun

visualize the final stance of promise as blood pours out of the stars
a decay that serves as the portal into the gates of the great ancients
tides of this distinct neglect awaken those who left behind the pride of liberation
eating their own pulsing hearts in punishmentSad was the fate of the villagers
The savage force
eat their culture

The roof's on fire
Accumulated
bodies pilles
The roof's on fire

Each month rangers fall
eating the whites
Avengers eating raw flesh

Ruinland, land of the ruins
No mercy, no hope
At all

The Wild wind leave the victims bleeding
Where the dead stand and the living fall
The captain take his way to the south(Instrumental)Nocturnal rustling
Demonic whispering
I see shape Shapeless wander foolish through me
Master of insanity knowing true
Of a Beast jaw in the useless human beings
Trumble, die superficial worms
You believe in thy useless, weak sense
No you won't live the Shapeless Insanity of Depth Being
It comes from the abyss
Shapeless noise I listen to time eternity balance
Now if shapeless my gaze mind leaving this world
To receive the right knowledge
Endless I am.Seek to rule
Pursue a vision clear
Punish disobedience
With acts of war
Expand your powers
Expand  your territories
Enthral the common man
With your golden tongue

Surround yourself
With the greatest insignia
Of power and might
As a mean to impress
The world

Become the chosen one
The saviour prophesied

Pure diplomacy
Spoken words
can never uphold a Prussian
Empire vast
At the golden hour
Never hesitate
To bring down a vengeance
Of iron and blood

When its time for war
Never falter or hesitate
Be stern, hard and unforgiving
Let your enemies feel the blade

Feel the blade

Rise to the pinnacles
Of power and might
Always move forward
Never look back
To preserve your empire
With your hand held high
Proclaim an era of peace
Resting on your arms

Become the chosen one
The saviour prophesied

Pure diplomacy
Spoken words
Can never uphold
A Prussian empire vast
At the golden hour
Never hesitate
To bring down a vengeance
Of iron and blood(Instrumental)Ride the astral planes of life 
On the verge of the other side
in the streams of eternal dreams
touching the abyssal silence


Drench yourself in the rain ,
of the highest creations
in the domains of the gods
As you balance 
between the heavens and hell
Silence here is alive 
as life drowns death
in the pool of sorrows 


And in their spheres 
the demons dance in their inferno
And in their spheres the angels 
dance in a tranquil sea 

Drench yourself in the rain ,
of the highest creations
in the domains of the gods
As you balance 
between the heavens and hell
Silence here is alive 
as life drowns death
in the pool of sorrows  

 
 All are delicately laced, in the planes of reality 
just a shadow, of your image
a leaf upon ,the winds of time
Darkness is dead, and light has fallen
forever free, in these seas of infinity
time stands, in the planes of life.  
Frozen 


Ride the astral planes of life 
On the verge of the other side
in the streams of eternal dreams
touching the abyssal silenceThrough tales and legends from North / Survives the era of sailing horror / Carrying screams and fire / The sound of steel cutting through flesh / Let the Gjallahorns sound / Let the langships tear the waves / to spread the doom to the shores / to spread the name of Eric the Red / Smoke and ashes / remain black / Witnesses of either / Glory to crime / Legends from North / Sailing horror / Screams and fire / Eric the Red's / Legions of Frost / The storm fades away / The signs are here to stay forever / The wind blows on sails / Terror from steel is heading back North / The story was written tonight / The rain shall wash the blood / Time will cure open wounds / Through time will this story survive / Unseeable spirits / leading ahead / The one-eyed God / coming along / The missing gold talks more than dead tongues / And legends were born when history died / Screams of panic and painful mourns heard / unspeakable violence, virgins' blood shed / No words have able to describe chaos / Only time speaks the language of such terror / Among pieces of ice those legends still sail / As long as they haunt silent dark nights / Reminding of men whom the cross never ruled / and Gods who never submitted to painNeni Cualani

Tlati kinicua iyiyaca iztle
non tzoquio nono Cristianos
shicui morona
ihua cocototza imin
tzontico ica

xicocototza mo yaotl
xinenimi tla ixpa victoria mitz chia
ihua te tica cuale
para te mintis...

Mochia nihas mohua 
achto niho micuiti
MORONAThis is War
I Lie Wounded on Wintery Ground
With Hundred of Corpses around
Many Wounded Crawl Helplessly around
On the Blood Red Snowy Ground
War
Cries of the (ha, ha) Suffering Sound
Cries for Help to All Their Dead Moms
War
Many Hours of Music
Many Drops of Blood
Many Shiverings and Now I Am Dead
And Still We Must Never Give up
War(Instrumental)Coming to get you, yeah 
I'm coming to take you away 
You witches are evil 
You worship the devil 
So listen to what I say 
Come peacefully from out of your huts 
Or I'll have you witches pray 
I must destroy you 
play and toy you 
Watch you wither away 

Who's coming to get you? 
I'm coming to take you away? 
Find you guilty witch woman 
'Cos I am the Witchfinder General 

Trial's begun and people come 
From many towns around 
I find them guilty just to please me 
And feed them to the hounds 
I bite their brains and cut their veins 
And strike them to the ground 
Insult their bodies till they're dead 
Let the soil be their surround 

Who's coming to get you. . . 

He picks us up, he knocks us down 
He says he hates our slang 
He plays with us like pawns in chess 
Come on let's get a gang 
If your girl is tight, he'll take a bite 
Say witch with evil man 
If you've a hope, let's grab a rope 
And watch the bastard hang 

So you think you can beat me 
Hang me completely 
Should know better than that 
I'll take your wenches 
Tie them on benches 
Feed them to a rat 
So if you try me 
Even deny me 
I'll beat you, you're a pratt 

So come on folks 
Don't try provoke 
'Cos to me you're a fragile gnat 

'Cos I'm the Witchfinder General(Instrumental)All of me... In the air.
Feeling numb... And despair.
Falling down... On my knee.
Try to stand... Try to see!

(I'm tired to see something new)

Taste of blood... In my mouth.
Make me sick... But I'm tough.
Watch me die... Inside of me,
But the loop... All I see.

(Not so much words left to say)

One more rancid illusion (Before I DIE)
I know in death the solution (Hear Earth Cry) (2x)

No once know, where's the end.
Where it's all has turned to sand.
Seeking truth... Inside the fire,
That was come to destruction in my desire!

Trying hard to pretend,
That I know where we descend.
But I trapped inside the loop,
That never let me go!Bodies of my victims scattered on the
 basement floor. Desires unfulfilled I
 lust for more. Stimulation rising as I
 separate the head. As blood begins to
 spurt I'm drenched in red. Open the
 esophagus and slide my cock inside.
 Soon to fill your stomach full of my...
 seed. Forcing... out your insides.
 Squirting... all down my thighs. After
 the deed of debauchery's done I begin
 excavation. Hacking and tearing out
 one by one I consume your organs.
 Saving your intestines to bound my
 next victim. Over and over. Obsession
 drives me to perversion. The end
 will always be the same. Fucking
 your headless trunk.Toen Roomse Legers, Krijg's en Volksverderven,
In 't  hoofd, germanjes woudgrens overschrijden
Greep 't heilig Choor de Barden der Wodan's Lof Gewijden
En  Knots en Harp om 't Wallhall'te verwerven

U eindlooze Eer, die dondrend hebt gezongen
O Koerner, en uw Bliksemsstraal gezwongen
En 't gloeiend Strijdlied door uw Bloed bezegeld

Geen Harp alleen, om 't bloedgeding te omzwerven
De andre ontvlammende, 't gevaar te mijden
Wie 't Strijdlied zong moest zelve durven strijden,
wie heldendood verhief, zelf kunnen sterven

U eindlooze Eer, die dondrend hebt gezongen
O Koerner, en uw Bliksemsstraal gezwongen
En 't gloeiend Strijdlied door uw Bloed bezegeld

En hij, wien't jonglingshart, van geestdrift brandde
Die slechts Sonetten heeft ten kamp geregeld
Hij weze onsterflijk...tot  zijn eeuwge schande

Toen Roomse Legers, Krijg's en Volksverderven,
In 't  hoofd, germanjes woudgrens overschrijden
Greep 't heilig Choor de Barden der Wodan's Lof Gewijden
En  Knots en Harp om 't Wallhall'te verwerven

En hij, wien't jonglingshart, van geestdrift brandde
Die slechts Sonetten heeft ten kamp geregeld
Hij weze onsterflijk...tot  zijn eeuwge schandeAlways being sympathetic

Never showing a bad habbit

Seeking complexion, look for protection

Sliming a way into their credit!

Set up scene:

Nobody is anybody if you know what I mean



Irreality, unreal sanity

Everyone's presence is unmeaning

Really a real character

I hate to be in a set up scene!



Give your opinion, talk, be open

Don't get the band between us broken



Give your opinion, talk, be open

Don't get the band between us broken



Say your price and be relieved

Have a meaning, get your brains unfreezed!

don't be diverted by what you've seen

And make an end to the set up scene!(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Oh, my satanic brothers, tonight we will blaspheme
In altar of God we will masturbete and cum
Shit is our sacramental bread
We drink urine as wine and orgies begin

When the moon is full
Black mass will start
Impure vomit
Covers the face of God

Oh, my impure brothers, look what there is (hah, hah)
Crucified one, God's impotent son
I masturbate in front of His crucifix
And I pray Him to come and suck my dick

Breaking the seventh orgasm
The priest steps in
And screams thet we must die
Because "Jesus will win!"

But our orgies
Start to excite him
He puts helmet on
And new orgies begin...empty spaces are filled with hate 
visions and portraits perfectly taint 
a lost mind in the vacant abyss 
spreading it on the walls never to be missed 
decieveth the whole world and be lured in as prey 
a vivid mural to rot and decay 

trapped in dead spaces 
no where to go, no way to escape 
your fate, darkened grave 
in which you lay 

Soulless mirage carved into flesh 
A shattered oblivion of decadence 
Dissect and behold a precious mind 
Consume the life that dies inside 
Endure thy reality, and indulge in our collective dreams 
May the void not swallow, my desolate screams 

trapped in dead spaces 
no where to go, no way to escape 
your fate, darkened grave 
in which you lay engraved 
(solo Jimmy and Johnnie)Sig sauer, victim of a systems non-control
Devour, striking terror into every soul

Communication breakdown onto self destruction
Schizophrenic people breeding hate
Pessimistic thinking from a failed connection
Survival comes when we annihilate

Nailed to the gun
Nailed to the gun
Nailed to the gun
Nailed to the gun

Paranoia, termination sickness zeros good
Blind power, executing humans in cold blood

Degenerating children with an opiate bullet
Poison flows from words out on the street
Trapped inside the home that has become the prison
Dissin' everybody that we meet

Nailed to the gun
Nailed to the gun
Nailed to the gun
Nailed to the gun

Locked and loaded, governmental loss to anarchy
Weapon goaded, magnum is gagging liberty

Cultural collision in an endless frenzy
Numbing minds with threats of violence
Hopeless to the dream of any decent future
Running on sheer fear and ignorance

Nailed to the gun
Nailed to the gun
Nailed to the gun
Nailed to the gunThe obscurity has arrived until its greatest savagery.
It has watched to all feeble and only
the true Emperors will survive.
The temples has been built by the true
worshipers of Satan.
The world is obscure...
I am alone inside my insanity.
I shall fight until that I finished with them.
Now...I reign such as my lord orders.
I am with my rebellion of the dark she devil ones.
We shall create our kingdom of darkness.
The sad wind. The rain falls, All is changed into
macabre forest.
I am an insane
I am a perverse Emperor
The world is deserted without some life.
This is the lefth path.
The moon is on the immense forest.
Is is he reflected of the obscurity.
Obscurity that, it will never hide.
The shadow is extended
inside and outside of me.
I am alone in my true world.
My soul is in the eclipse
and my eyes have seen
the face of the apocalypse...Rats from hell...From the dark
They're ready to attack
With their evil eyes they're coming
To fuck your stupid lives
Contaminated blood-they're infecting
Human lives...Like a swarm they march
And eat your putrid eyes

Come to me rats from hell
Come to me eat my body...

Mutants for life-Disgusting parasites
Consuming human flesh till you vomit your guts..
Rats from hell not of this earth
Infect what they bite like demons at night!!Lost in darkness
A haunted place
A thousand sorrows
My crying face


Someone stares
With blinded eyes
Someone whispers
Without a voice


Surrounded by the endless blackness
Here in this deserted place
An overwhelming dreadful feeling
Is crawling up my face
Someone wants to find me
With blinded eyes
Someone tries to touch me
I am not alone


Lost in darkness
A haunted place
Someone stares and whispers
And I realize and shiver
...
I am not aloneCyberschizophrenia

New world order, Corporate bureaucracy
a government programmed to uphold Production Efficiency
Technological empire, mass control
Politcal powers unite as one mind, body, and soul

Conciousness digitized
uploaded to a hardrive 
Cybernetic augmentation, Neurologically compatiable

Cyberschizophrenia

Bio-mechanical prosthetics gave birth to a new age
Artificial intelligence enginerred an advanced interface
Cerebral mainframe replicates an inidivduals personal identity
gaining access to a network, online, a virtual personality


Information matrix
a sea of infinite knowledge
fiber optic communication
Electromagnetic wave transmission

cyberschizophrenia

Freedom limited for those who rank in low and middle class
Statistical criteria evaluates laws through binary math
Strict protocol enforced to achieve economic growth
Society categorized and divided into stuctured zones

Occupation chosen at birth
a prison; planet earth
a computer generated system 
made up of both flesh and machine

CyberschizophreniaAn inner sense of someone else
The faintest breathing nearby
And the sound of soil disturbed
But no footsteps are heard

Cold fingers crawl on my face

She smells of decay
And the birth of winter
Her features are dead
Protracted and waning

The night spectre
Slowly emerges
As an afterthought
To the terrible screaming

The night spectre
Invoking whispers
From an unknown world
With a deathly meaning

She claws at my feet
Pulling me under
An ocean of dark water
Drowning meWalking through a forest in a dream
Each tree a crucifix like bone
Then crosses twist to trees and scream
Spewing a red and sticky foam
A hooded man (ancient I think)
Fills up his cup with this bloody burst
With outstretched hands he demands "Drink!"
I wake faint with desires thirst

Blood dreams haunt me in my dreams at night, A vampyr's curse
Blood dreams obsess my waking hours unholy thirst

From childhood as gods elect Blood dreams inflicted me
Still I resist Satanic lust, Ignore my destiny... NO

I won't kill, I won't drink, You can't make me, No
Nothing you can say or do will convince me so
Am I evil? Am I mad? Is this a bless or curse?
Slowly rotting my resolve, Blood ebbs to sate my thirst

Finally my destiny I could not resist
Though its wrong blood made me strong, Blood makes me exist
No longer man I became god, Immortal timeless power
Now I hunt and drain the life, The victims I devour

Blood Dreams my victims scream, their lives drain into me (rpt 4 times)

The Powers that be arrested me, Took me to their trial
A joke to me, their puny law, My sanctity defiled
Sentenced to death, they judge a god, I refuse to die
Hanged by the neck 'til I was dead in 1949

Vampire or lunatic? A question you scream
My body dies, still I survive, hooded in your Blood DreamsBlack Metal ist Krieg!
Black Metal ist Krieg!
Black fucking Metal ist Krieg!

Black...
Black Metal ist Krieg!
Black fucking Metal ist Krieg!
Black Metal ist Krieg!

Black...
Black Metal ist Krieg!
Ihr Wichser, es ist Krieg!
Black Metal!

Black...
Black Metal ist Krieg!
Black Metal ist Krieg!
Black...

Black...
Black Metal ist Krieg!
Fuck, Metal ist Krieg!
Black Metal!

Black...
Black Metal ist Krieg!
Black fucking Metal ist Krieg!
Black Metal ist Krieg!

Krieg...
Ihr Wichser, es ist Krieg!
Black Metal ist Krieg!
Ihr Wichser...
Krieg...

Krieg...
Black Metal ist Krieg!
Black fucking Metal ist Krieg!

Krieg...
Fuck you!
Krieg, es ist Krieg!

Black Metal ist Krieg!

Krieg...
Ihr Wichser, Krieg!
Es ist Krieg!

Black Metal ist Krieg...It came to me
Like an unexpected nightmare
Raising as I laid down

My inner demons belong to a higher art
Their names will never be known.
They are a secret of a demonic nature
In the depth of my imagination

The unknown  spectre of evil
Is closed in me
Released by time
It comes to me
Like a bursting memory
Out of this sinister dark and silent world,
Where nothing grows than anger
I burst and in me
As demons of my inner self
Belonging to a darker art, are growing

My inner self is changing
By raising as I just laid down,
Out of my imagination,
My inspiration.
Out of my mind a pure spectre grows,
Of evil, of demon, of demons in my inner self

My inner demons belong to a higher art
Their names will never be known,
They are a secret of a demonic nature
In the depth of my imaginationThe pagan world will destroy christianity, 
from there where no trace only ashes of the cross. 
And the bible lines fall silently on the ground, 
covering with itself all steps of Black Cathedral. 
Warriors come, get my spite to great is the enemy, 
every single one who is carrying faith in jesus. 
we will destroy... Here in the moon deeper in my eyes, 
hidden black cathedral. Here presages Black Cathedral... 
Forces of Black Cathedral... Every night burns the flame... 
flame of christian churches. Warriors come, Death to christianity... 
Warriors come, calling souls.. on the ground of Black Cathedral. 
Warriors come, Falling souls.Total eclipse - one child is born in a secret place, prepared
to the baptism in the Sacred Blood. The flames of the temple's pillars
burn strongly tonight.

The world rests in a deep sleep, doesn't notice that across the lands spreads
The red fog of devastation, omen of the incarnation
of the damnation.

The never read Holy Book now is unsealed, the seal is broken.
Bloodwritten verses in Latin are pronounced by the designated
ancients and mentors.

The chalice of gold - Fluid of the power
All the power - Will be given in his hands
The child is beautiful... and great
His purpose will take its place 
When the time comes...

The ritual of baptism in blood - is complete 
The hell's conspiracy - is achieved
Cyclones and lightning strike - the earth 
THE FORCE is united in victory - for the Son
The Son of Satan - inheritor of hell
Splintered his mother's womb - at the birth
The seed of evil - is alive!
This is the beginning of a new era - to the world...

...SATAN'S CHILD BORN TONIGHT
EVIL SEED TO THE GLORY OF HELL...

... And all the mortals run of fright!Arrest me I talk in riddles 
I cause stress and muscular cramps 
Nervous exaggeration after the toxictonic
Telepathically broadcasts an appearance of one's own
One's been given a doppelganger 
Who unlike oneself doesn't fake enthusiasms 

The shallshock of one instant 
And the indiscretionnovice unzips his fly 
He'll never know what hit him 
I know the detectives found 
The fingerprint of the universePresence you fill
In the transparent sky
Gazes on you
Stares on you
Something is here
Covered in dark
Cold distant stars
Sent here a guest

Air moans full
Of invisible hands
Nowhere to run
Nowhere to hide
Vain prayers fade
In the ominous sky
Your face dissolves
In the light from above(Instrumental)I can't lead you longer in the dark. light blessed dream dazzle
I don't know weres left and weres right.
Moon miser show it's face unwillingly
Alar messengers takes light promises
Straight way to heaven dissapear in end of ladder
Oh blind men go on alone 
I will return from were I come
I'm tired of you.
listen intently to clocks mention dear misery
here before which theres no way of point my return
Blind men it's dread is nececary?
Blind men it's only your death
Blind in the dark will catch wings only
and I'll returnAnd the Time has come
Time of victory and might
Thousands of brave mans
Will be marching to fight

They all are ready to die
Their swords shine bright
They will be fight in right side
They'll be fight in the fullmoon night

Thor gives them power
His hammer gives them sign
Their swords shining bright
In the fullmoon night

Thousands of brave saw great sign
On dark sky
It was mighty hammer of Thor
And they start march to fight and die

And they arrive on the battlefield
With them lightning
And the War begin
Hundreds of brave die but they win

And they return on the lost grounds
And with them return Kingdom lost before the centuries
And the Ancient gods washed in blood of victims
Started the new agesigns through the end of time
like a plague of sorrow
pain infects the mind
pollution injects

demons craving death
infested souls
demons craving death
in silent force

poison streaming
through the veins
like acid reign
dead eyes starring
through the flesh
searching to feed

alien of foreign race
possess and breed
inside the walls of thoughts
feeding on life(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)When I'm in your company it's just perfect, you got everything,
Love the way you look at me your eyes just say it, and that's a special thing,
You say things that torment me but it's worth it, tell me anything,
But say you want me, madly, deeply in love, or I'll have to run,
Run away because 

I can't trust myself
to leave you alone I can't trust myself no no no,
I can't trust myself to leave you alone
I can't trust myself it's much too much
I wanna touch but it's just too much. 

Your smile does things to me, I can't describe it, only wish I could,
Your lips would look good on me, wanna try it, babe I wish you would
I thought that looking wasn't sposed to hurt me, but I'll do anything
Just say you want me, need me, madly in lust, or you'll have to run,
Hide away because 

I can't trust myself,
to leave you alone I can't trust myself no no no,
I can't trust myself to leave you alone
I can't trust myself it's much too much
I wanna touch but it's just too much. 

From the point of view, of a broken heart,
You're my defibrillator, you jump n I'll start,
You woke me up, when I was dead and gone.
All I have to do, is to make you see,
That if there is no you, then there is no me,
You're the reason why, i do the things I do. 

When I'm in your company it's just perfect, you got everything,
Love the way you look at me your eyes just say it, and that's a special thing,
You say things that torment me but it's worth it, tell me anything,
But say you want me, madly, deeply in love, or I'll have to run,
Run away because 

But say you want me, madly, deeply in love, or I'll have to run,
Run away because 

I can't trust myself
to leave you alone I can't trust myself no no no,
I can't trust myself to leave you alone
I can't trust myself it's much too much
I wanna touch but it's just too much. 

I can't trust myself
to leave you alone I can't trust myself no no no,
I can't trust myself to leave you alone
I can't trust myself it's much too much
I wanna touch but it's just too much.my life is without reason/tell me, why should i go on?
in a world where i'm not wanted/where all my dreams are gone
betrayed by those around me/let down by those i love
alone in utter darkness/i'm lost and without cause

is there hope for me/or should i waste away?
there's no-one there for me/alone, i fade to grey

unfeathered be my wings/dismantled be my hope
unearthly dreams have faltered/discontinued now my life

a life that's lacking reason/a life that's without cause
in a world where you're unwanted/where all your dreams are gone
betrayed by those around you/let down by those you love
alone in utter darkness/tell me why should you go on?By Lord Mictian

Oh how the clouds drift
Bleak like summers searing bliss
Dark paths which wait in lie
This painful tragedy never to die

Suffering through torment
Screams echo through the night
My agony is but yet eternal
melancholy endured decay

Speaking of which, a twitch
I'm not the only hypocrite
Injection of lies and masks
But you'll never be wrong

2x
Indulge into my depression
It's home here, just me there
Stains of this life which left behind
To forever haunt mankind

Promises of deaths remains
In salvation I'm sent to be enslaved
Ruins of darkness, pain and hate
Promises of only my pain

The clock slowly drifts into the abyss
These demons I can't resist
Beyond the gates of reality 
Entombed my sanityavernal hate is bolling inside our veins, in our blood
ready to be unleashed upon the lambs and their god
hear them cry in pain, punnished by our obscure desire
then see them burn, consumed by the unmerciful fire

in crimson winds i see the signs over the moon
signs that foretell the arrival of eternal doom

hellish soldiers, demonic souls, bring devastation,
spill the blood, the sweet blood of all your victims
reveal the signs, the glorious vision of their ruin
where crushed crosses lie sinkied in satan``s vomit...

in crimson winds i see the signs of the upcoming war
the vengeance of the enemies of that graceful fucking god...

infernal storms of hate arises from the abyss
the trimphant death laught at humans'  disgrace...

neither scream or holy prayer will awake tha dead
redeemer,
rotting messiah, i wish you could see the obliteration
of all your servants
perishing before the power of the unholy wrath, in our reprisal,
blasphemous vengeance, the final triumph of the impeding darkness

unholy wrath of the sacrilegious reprisal
the unholy wrath of the sacrilegious reprisal...
REPRISAL!!!(No comment)A throne in the darkness,
Beneath a breathing fortress.
A helm of this world.
A tombstone for us all.

Nature's structure,
A symbol of her might,
Carved through the passage, 
From the infancy of time 

Weathered through ages,
With ever-changing faces,
Rise,
Pillars of the Earth.

Hear them groaning..
Feel them moving.. 
 
Under the cloaks, 
Of life grown by time,
The ancient lords of the world.
 
Born from fire, 
Churned at the core,
To become these towers of old.
Archaic stone,  
A beacon of strength,
And growing forevermore.  

Infinitely wise, 
For through timeless eyes,
All things in life have been seen.

Invincible mounds, 
Spikes on the crown,
That sits on the head of our Queen.

Ancient mountain,
We stand at your peak.
Embracing the wind,
The future is bleak.

Now, 
We bow to you,
At the end of our time,
In awe of your wisdom
And ever lasting life.Rule Britannia, three monkeys up a stick
One fell down and paralysed his...
Dickie was a bulldog lying in the grass
Along came a bumblebee and stung him up the...
Ask no questions, tell no lies,
Have you ever seen a copper doing up his...
Flies are a nuisance, bugs are worse,
And that is the end of my little verse.Baby better get it straight
I'm a nasty kinda date
I like to do it hard
Crack the whip
Till you're scarred

Down - down on your knees
Give a kiss and a squeeze
Yea - like you to open wide
Baby baby gonna come inside, yeah yeah

The whip is gonna get you
Drop you to your knees
The whip is gonna get you
Drop you to your knees
Down on your knees

Baby - baby - don't you go
Can't you see I want some more
With the whip in my hand
Got you at my command, yeah

Down - down on your knees
Give a kiss and a squeeze
Yea - I'm gonna stay up late
My baby won't have to wait

The whip is gonna get you
Drop you to your knees
The whip is gonna get you
Drop you to your knees
No!

The whip is gonna get you
Drop you to your knees
The whip is gonna get you
Drop you to your knees
Oh, yeah!the sky burns red, atmosphere ignites
it' raining death, end of the human blight

burning in seas of red

shrapnel ridden bodies, children torn in two
panic in the cities, cleanse this human zoo

infection pulled out, planet laid to waste
fire from above, humanity displacedBehind the bleeding Gates of the Abyss.
Underneath the Caves of endless Doom.
Guarded by Demons of Fog and Damnation.
Entombed, deep in the Core of Subterra lies the Source of the Blood Dominion.Tenebris nocturnis ventus volat
aurae arborum nitent
odor florum silvanis ex saltibus
umbrae expergiscentur.

Chorea mediae noctis, nymphae saltant
codices e radicibus evelluntur
trunci caesi ad vitam redibunt
rami florescent
chorea mediae noctis, peccata
effrenatus chorus daemoniorum
numina Erebi saltania
in practis et pascuis.

Luna plena sideraque radiant
horizon procul non discernitur.(Instrumental)There's a story to tell about mister Jones he rides adventure into the night
Not a man of iron but a man with goals he opens dreams to let in light
Breaking into silent tombs to steal the only key
Tries to find the hidden prize set the secrets free
Watching prying waiting lying in these hollow lives they're dying
Upon the tomb it's written here lies the ark
Screaming praying dreaming baying there destiny we're laying
Upon the tomb it's written here lies the ark
To struggle long and find the mark Indiana races to the scene
To find the map and find the ark he has to cross into the dream
Breaking into silent tombs to steal the only key
Tries to find the hidden prize set the secrets free
Breaking into silent tombs to steal the only key
Tries to find the hidden prize set the secrets free
Watching prying waiting lying in these hollow lives they're dying
Upon the tomb it's written here lies the ark
Screaming praying dreaming baying there destiny we're laying
Upon the tomb it's written here lies the ark
Watching prying waiting lying in these hollow lives they're dying
Upon the tomb it's written here lies the ark
Screaming praying dreaming baying there destiny we're laying
Upon the tomb it's written here lies the arkCome to fight with me
Through battles of North
Face the raging enemy
Face the snow and frost!
Come to ride with me
Through landscapes of North
Come to fight with me
And you'll never be lost
Wipe away your fears
Death is always near
The cross you have to bear
He shed His blood for you!
To medieval battles
We fight through endless times
To medieval battles
We fight until we die!
Warriors of North!
Looking to endless horizons
See the stormy sea
Riding through where eagles fly
Flying to be free
Facing the wild beasts and dragons
The forest demons 
Lord of thunder is for us
We were born to win!
See the darkened sky
Where the eagles fly
Where the dragons lie
See the glimpse of night!ungodly 
jaded face of death 
curse my life 
lead me to death 
relentless hauntings 
awaiting my demise 
years of torment 
demonic apparitions 
consume my sanity 
possess my hateful soul 
diabolical 
demoniacal 
inexorable I've lost control. 

revulsion of the human race 
unrelenting surge of hate 
I shall portray at will 
my appetite to maim and kill 

nocturnal despondent 
shattered visions of gruesome carnage 
demonic possession 
to the darkness I pay my homage 

nocturnal hauntings 
despondent souls 
shattered visions of 
gruesome carnage 
visions of a former life 
consumed by aggression 
bound by darkness 

revulsion of the human race 
unrelenting surge of hate 
I shall portray at will 
my appetite to maim-and-kill 

dusk arrives-now is the time 
I will bathe in the repugnant blood of mankind 
my wretchedness-immortalized 
they will perish through my animosity unrefined 

demonic apparitions 
condemn my mortal soul 
never ending nightmares 
my murder spree foretold 

demonic apparitions 
possess my hateful soul 
diabolical 
demoniacal 
inexorable I've lost control.Time's killing you
It is bringing death to your flesh
Death's waking fear
Fear waking chaos and anger

Sword - in your hand
It's ready to put to death
Blood starts to flow
Waking up are demons of war
Fear waking chaos and anger
An eye for an eye and fists for words
A knife in chest for truth
Angel of death reaping his harvest
Killing the rests of souls
Chaos anarchy murderous colt
No salvation at all
From the aression the anger comes

Time's killing you
Nobody can ever change it
Wrath - revenge call
Kains stigma continues to glowIce cold, it petrifies the skin
Bringing me memories of necrotic nature

Restrained and bound
I incise and slice
Screams and begging
Tissues aroused

Swelling of epidermal layer
A revulsion of gasps and cries
Twisting upon my slab
I split skin and reach inside

Life expires
Devoid of warmth
I watch the deadening
Of the body I ravaged

Ice cold, it petrifies the skinA gap in the trees and leaves spiral beyond
Seasons to dream, breezelust sating
Heard first by blood, a voice that has longed
Never to know of his waiting.If I would have known the true worth of your words...
I would have ran from this love as soon as it came....
A promise was made we'd never leave each other's side...
When push came to shove, you took my heart and ran away...

No one makes me want to die in my sleep quite like you
I guess that's what makes you special
These cold, lonely nights take its toll as I'm longing for your embrace
And the moments we shared before you lied to my fucking face

At the drop of a hat, my existence is erased

How can you sleep at night as I lie awake screaming your name?
This is where I rot, broken and alone
Bowing my head in defeat and shame

I gave the world to you, I guess the world just wasn't enough
And now I'm falling apart as my worth dissolves to dust
I never realized until you were gone that I'm nothing without you
Wasting away from my worthless love that was discarded but ever true

I am ashamed at my foolish nieveity
I can't believe that I thought there could be room in someone's heart for me

I hope the look in my tear filled eyes...
As I begged you not to throw me away...
Will haunt your every dream...
Until your dying day

My faith in your kind is over and you're the one to blame
As long as I draw breath, I will forever curse your name(Instrumental)MY HOUSE OF SUFFERING

In The Field of Suffering
I try to find myself
From the house of Pain
I wish to escape

And the dying scenery
is my bloody cradle
The noise of the war
Is my sacred anthem

Why Am I here
What is my sin
Why my Friends bleed
Where are their graves
Who is my aim
Where is the life
What remains inside me
Where is my grave

Burning land surruonds me
My shelter is my tomb
I suffer from the fear
I saw to much death

Sometimes I slowly descend
Through the dreadful nightmare
Sometimes I really want to die
And stop my endless torture

Why Am I here
What is my sin
Why my Friends bleed
Where are their graves
Who is my aim
Where is the life
What remains inside me
Where is my graveIn darkness most profane
My hatred burns
Through demonic self
I feel my urge
The hostility towards
Demiurgic light
Has risen, aflamed
With my lunar might
I stand as antithesis
Of the lamb of Christ
With an image of Horus
Drowned in blood

For I'm reawakened
In my primeval form
By purest blood
My sight is reborn
So hear my cry
Thou lord of the weak
Under my will
You shall fall

We howl at the black moon
Covered in our enemies
Blood
We slay the dawn
And rape the lamb of light

The skies shall cry
In tears of blood
For all of existence
Becomes my prey
In cosmic blood
I shall ignite my fire
My hunt is relentless
Till the jaws of death
And gods shall kneel
Before my wrath
For it has been written
That I am the end

I'm the destroyer
Of lifegiving Sun
My bloodthirst is endless
Darkening the moonlight
I am the bringer
Of the day of wrath
I am the beast
The abominous son
For I'm reawakened
In my primeval form
By purest blood
My sight is reborn
So hear my cry
Thou lord of the weak
Under my will
Your creation falls

We howl at the black moon
Covered in our enemies
Blood
We slay the dawn
And rape the lamb of lightWith A Sudden Halt of the Great Machine...
Come Men of Iron and Steel,
Lets Us Prepare You for Bloodshed...
Bring Your Sharpened Sabre's to Battle
As I Am the Synergy of War,
Unchained By the Oldest God...
From the Fortress of the Unconquerable..

Chaos
Chaos
Chaos
Chaos - Is the Revelation
Chaos - Is the Fire Below
Chaos - Is the Darkness Above
Chaos - Is the Void Beyond
Chaos - Is the End Of Man.

soahC
soahC
soahC
soahC.........It seems such a shame you must take blame
You reap what you sow
There is no shelter
When the winds of change have blown

The quest for fame, sparks the flame
Take what fortune holds
Countless trials and endless miles
So far to go

Test of time, will we stand the test of time
Will we stand the test of
Test of time, will we stand the test of time
Will we stand the test of time......?

I always take the given breaks
Fate I've come to known
Say your prayers on the wing
Before you go

Watch the signs and race with time
Eyes as black as coal
The path I blaze a burning bridge
I leave behind

All for the better
I'm just passing through this life
Nothing lasts forever
This may be our final time(Instrumental)"Woe to you who now smile, since you will cry and weep"

Of an order of torments and punishments
Without name
Inextinguishable
Taken possession
By the snares of Death
A shadowy valley covered by the fog
NO LIGHT

Parasites with turned heads
There is no one else to blame     
as I tear at my own cheeks
Blows of Devils, Fills my eyes with pain and FOG
Deep shadows within the shade of DEATH
The enemy of humanity

Alone and suffering (what I deserve)
Fog blocks all light
Only brightness is Pain
NO LIGHTIt hes returned through the darkness of the night
Darkness of unkind
Doubting the spirit of unworldy design
But its mustic wears on
Through age and time
Consciousness is lost of the demonkind
Conquer the world with our RAGE!
A day awaits,Exit to return later on
Wasting all this time on mere existence
Exit to return later on
Blinding darkness,nocturnal is the wind
Feel the rage and fury burniing from within
I am not anyone who feels for your repent
Now you will burn,now you will hate!
You'll never know,all the darkness
Lurking in these souls,ooaacchh!
What of all these years wasted
Spent yearning for the past
Nothing more than never was ever shalt defy
I am not anyone who feels for your repent
Now you will burn,now you will feel our WRATH!
Nothing sacred,Nothing Pure
Here holiness is destroyed
Now our time has come,may we unite
With our art we are the sons of wrath!
Oh,it has returned
Doubting the mist that returns at night
Conquer the mist with...our...RAGE!Intro (0:30) 
A raging battle 
Fought amongst men 
The steel blades clash 
Echos in the wind 
A thunderous sound 
Heard for miles 
Wails in the distance 
From fallen men 
Clouds shed tears 
The sun glares red 
Blood-created streams 
Crimson red 

Verse 1 (1:14) 
Bloodened roots arise 
From the ground 
Blood-soiled lands 
Seed germination 
Acidic geosmin 
Disturbed soil 

Chorus (1:58) x2 
I smell the blood-rain 
Petrichor 

Verse 2 (3:05 - after skipping 2) 
The rain is rich, filled with blood 
Black are the roots, soiled, dead(Instrumental)Among the heaps 
With wickedness binds 
A merciless onslaught 
Without confines 
A declaration 
From a profanation cult 
Destroying all who 
Stand in their way 

One, two...murder a few! 
Three, four...kill some more! 
Five, six...slaughter...transfix! 
Seven, eight...slay with hate! 

Among the heaps 
With wickedness binds 
A merciless onslaught 
Without confines 
A declaration 
From a profanation cult 
Destroying all who 
Stand in their way 

One, two...murder a few! 
Three, four...kill some more! 
Five, six...slaughter...transfix! 
Seven, eight...slay with hate! 

With heads on pikes 
And dreams on the altar 
Sacrifice before the gods 
To feast on the blood and the fire 
Called upon to berth the storm 
A vortex of suffering 
Echoes through with chaos to spare 
Disseminate the miserable torture 
The agony becomes so clear 

(Repeat) 

To cast aspersions unto the wind 
Elevate the victory with the last grin 
Censure the enemies 
Don't let them fade 
Into the darkness 
Strewn before the vultures 
Make them suffer for all eternity 
Forgive them not 
For all their travesties 
Spit upon their everlasting torment 
Disgrace them all 
With roses on their corpses! 

(Repeat)We rise
from the grave

For taking his head
smash his head

Cut his throat
rape his sluts
cut his tongue
burn his cross

Skin him alive
burn his corpse
leave him naked
spit on his face

Cut his body
split his eyes

Mutilated from the grave
we're the hands of desecrationIntro - The Voyage To The Strange Place
 
The sun rises
Night becomes a day
I start to fight with pain again
And again I lose, alas
But it's never mind

But it's never mind...

But it's never mind
Today I cry
And fear dwells in my heart
Tomorrow death will come
And peace will fill my mind

The life is running on
I'm passing off like time
The scraps of memories
Hurt me like a broken glass

Tonight I've seen the strange place
Called heaven or maybe hell
I've heard your voice my darling
Seen many shadows and you between

But it's never mind
Today I cry
And fear dwells in my heart
Tomorrow death will come
And peace will fill my mind

The sun sets
Day becomes a night
Hearing your voice from afar
I die, I die
But it's never mind

Yesterday I cried
And fear dwelt in my heart
Today death comes
And peace dwells on my mind
The sun sets...(Instrumental)INTRO: Transorbital lobotomy, a string of hope for grossly disturbed patients. A miracle therapeutic procedure, a cure for schizophrenia, bipolar disorder and other mental illnesses. Step one: undergoing unconsciousness. One convulsion is typical sufficient but in some cases 4 or even 6 maybe needed. Step 2: Breaking barriers. Peel back the eyelid while placing the ice pick under the eyelid and against the top of the eye socket. Use a hammer to drive the ice pick through the thin layer of bone to reach the frontal lobes of the brain drive the icepick into the brain severing the connections to and from the prefrontal cortex. Repeat the same with the other eye. Step 3: Awakening the apathetic. Your patient will slowly regain consciousness and will leave as an entire new person

Music and Lyrics by Apostolos


Strapped naked in bed
Electrocution to end your thoughts
Cure to paranoia
Icepicks disconnect your lobes
Sacrificing your feelings
To stop the haunting illusions
Brain ce(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Death was the only thing that she saw, an utter blackness of uncertainty. She was absolutely disgusted by her conclusions, because conclusions were an act of certainty. Everything in life was to do with a false sense of certainty. She noted that she accepted her dreams right away, even if paranormal things were happening in them, and she told that the same would happen in life. Nay! It happened everyday in life! That everybody were coming to terms with inner and outer unacceptableness and they were first
torturing themselves and later coming up with new conclusions from these breaks of certainties. This was reminding every human being that life; their utmost certainty will be crushed by death someday. Nay! It was crushed everyday by death. Death was life, but life was an illusion, certainties were transient illusions speckling in the sea of death.Pure disease, a chasm of souls
parasites of endless things, in divinity's well
Infected with curses, the flames of God
Imperial races, Chaos Enthroned

Marvels like snails
a wheel of depression
Dehumanizing the shaded breed
 to zero and one

Generators of plague, never ending mind control
diagramming the spheres of the seashell
In the source of all evil, the ultimate devastation
A torrent of existence

Chaos Enthroned

The space is bleeding, with the hate from the race of Memes
universal prototypes, an open door to infinity
Insected with corpses, the apostolic wrath
Etherial crossing, Chaos Enthroned

Cyclones and storms
the last days of humanity
This corrosion in perfect design
to zero and one

The Action, Reaction, dementia like a maze
Creation, Corruption, the universe in haze
The balance, Imbalance, the edge of obscure realms
A zero, Subhero, the life of human breed

Chaos EnthronedThe old man stared at me
A worn look in his eyes
He'd seen and done it all before
He said: There's nothing new
In what you're going through
Another day another war

The world is meant to change
But people never do
They always forget yesterday
They'll never know the price
The men who sacrificed
To get us where we are today

And now I'm marching
In the parade of the forgotten
Our faces, our stories
Have melded into one

And when you see me now
You see me broken down
My stories fall on thankless ears
Existing day to day
Slowly wasting away
Wandering through my final years

When I was young it seemed
I could do anything
I fought beside the finest men
I saw so many die
While luck kept me alive
I often wish I'd gone with them

And now I'm marching
In the parade of the forgotten
Our faces, our stories
Have melded into one

Before I grow old
I would end it all
Better to die young
Than live too long

And now I'm marching
In the parade of the forgotten
Our faces, our stories
Have melded into one
And now I'm marching
In the parade of the forgotten
Our banners, our glories
Have faded in the sun
Faded in the sun

Before I grow old
I would end it all
Better to die young
Than live too longMAGDALENA FELT IN SLEEP
FELT IN DEEP DARK SLEEP
DARKER THAN THE UNHOLY NIGHT
THEY THOUGHT SHE WAS DEAD
BUT SHE JUST FELT IN SLEEP

THE CEREMONY BEGAN
THE GRAVE IS PREPARED
THE CASKET IS CLOSED
SLOWLY DIVING SIX FEET UNDER

MAGDALENA IS WEAKING UP 
SHE OPENED HER BLOODY EYES
SHE DESPERATELY SCREAMED IN THE NIGHT
BUT JUST VERMIN HEARD HER VOICE

MAGDALENA VISIT THEIR DREAMS
AWESOME NIGHTMARES
THEY OPENED THE GRAVE
AND FOUND SCRATCHES INSIDE THE CASKET
MAGDALENA WAS BURIED ALIVEWhen he was a little boy
He was afraid of the dark
Witches, ghosts and hanged people
were all the time in his mind

After he shooked hands with Lucifer
All his fears were gone
He knew that nothing could hurt him
because they are on his side

He grew up in possession of Satan
He gave him all what he needed
Took his life, it didn't feel bad
That's how I became
The Lucifer's hammer

Believers are spikes in my flesh
but I can not shed my skin
Using forces which are given to me
I will nail these spikes to the cross

On that cross cries Jesus Christ
begging mercy from anybody
No one would listen
they know what he has done

I'll take one spike from my flesh
and nail him down
This is why I exist
and why they have made me

I could close my eyes
and dream those faulty dreams
whose most of the people are dreaming

But rather I live in Real World
and obey the picture in the mirror

There watches me a man
half Beast, half human
Lucifer, some say
Satan, others

That is my name
I can not deny
I am proud of it
of what I have becameNow is the time in the glory name of God
The nine wars, bless the Lord
Find out the light of the sun for you
The church leads us to the sky

It's the end of my life with the holy raven
Lay it down on a somber basement
Find out the light of the sun for you
It's the only remaining road

The fallen angels go to the dirty place on earth
Remember the fire is burning
Now this is the time

I saw a nightfall and the fright of cold
Drown into my mind
An act of God
Out of the wall in the sky
I ca't hear the crying voice
Curse the starsLike constellations encircling in a void 
As of desert sands 
Emanate formations of balance 

The veil of Parokheth is cast asunder 
For the chasm is channeled 
Within the place of the skull 
Upheld by pillars 

Matter's mysteries dictate regeneration 
Flesh traverse caveats 
Fiery paths of the womb's treasures 
Morphing ceaselessly 

Jaws of severity 
Transmute to the averse son 
Invocation to supernal man 
Beauty in Laceration 
Flayed flesh adorned 
Assigned blood stains the ground 

Sewing the seeds of the fall 
Accursed son of decay 

The Sphere of the Sun 
Illuminates Tiphareth 
Cthonic ones arise from desolation 
Transfiriation by the presence of Charon 
Leading the transcendent path to aberration 

Spiritualization of suffering 
Arise... Influx of emanations 
Arise... The sixth path 
Manifest... As above, so below 

View spiralling circles 
Of highest power 
Cross the Abyss 

Meditate upon 
A stone of black fire 
Regenerate, ascend the Pillars, 
Cross the AbyssTsunami of Christian Blood


Tsunami of christian blood
Will sweep the christian soul
Sons of god will die (DIE!)
Under the power of Satan

War against christianity
Finish with the human cancer
Burn all sacred temples (WAR!)
Tsunami of christian blood

The sea of blood floods the land
Christian blood dirty the ground
Satan's soldiers will attack from the sky (GO!)
Exterminating the weak god's servants

War against christianity
Finish with the human cancer
Burn all sacred temples (WAR!)
Tsunami of christian bloodI am the watcher of ancient revelations,
The crushing hammer of the Anticrist.
I am the blaze of the soulless trepidation,
My stones formed your holy father's grave.
I am burned of your original sin,
The poisoned blood that filled the Holy Grail.
I am the darkstorm that shallows the sun of hope.
I bring the day of the rope.

My will opens the gate where blasting hellfire awaits.
The dark one calls my name scarred with the legacy of 

Cain.
I am the fascination of the first assassin,
Cold-blooded hunter for terror and death.
I am the cadaverous stench of decay,
Savage destroyer of the sanctified laws.
I am debauchery and the wickedness of Sodom,
Rampant temptation for pleasure and pain.
I am the anthem to the crimes of Gomorrah,
I stare into your eyes while death steals your breath.

Spit at the face of the creator of falseness,
Piss on the cross, reject the trinity of merciful 

cunts,
Blaspheme the pitiful sonof the whore.

Morderous passion against the gift of life
Released by the power of unholy rites.
Bestial reprisal from the ancient times.
I am the key to destroy humankind.

Hail to the master of death and disgrace!
Cainian blood's boiling in the chalise of doom.
Under my will steel's raping their flesh.
Winds of destruction embrance their souls.

I am the circle of ritual degradation,
The Armageddon's breath, the storm of roaring flames
I am the plague and the sickness of the gods you 

adore,
Ravengous locust consuming the tree of life.
I'm the begining! And I'm the end!
I'm Satan's spawn! I am possessed!Night is running cold
As we prepare the feast
Remembering deeds, beyond the great sea,
Bunch of Vikings memories

Agnes, oh Agnes!
Jewel of Normandy
A generous gift from goddess Freya
In the pillage after victory

Agnes, Agnes!
Jewel of Normandy
A generous gift from goddess Freya
In the pillage after victory

Dance around the fire
That toasts the pig's skin
Rattle with moon, shuffle the stars
Let we have a parody

In this night we drink together
Countless horns filled with mead
Until the dawn calls
We stand on our feet with tencay

Agnes, Agnes!
Source of inner ecstasy
Scream in French as we hammer together
In horned symphony

Agnes, Agnes!
Source of inner ecstasy
Scream in French as we hammer together
In horned symphony

Until dawn we speak
Of brave warriors deeds
Conquered shores, raided lands
Poor wretched enemies...

In those times we fought together
With Odhinn's blinding rage
No pain shall make us fall
Taste a bond to immortality

In those times we fought together
With Odhinn's blinding rage
No pain shall make us fall
Taste a bond to immortality

Sca is sliced with drakkar ships
It's time to slow, the winds of skips
Storms are defeated with mastery
Hands and wood in perfect synergy
Reigns, kingdoms, lands afar
All within a Viking's gasp
Dreadful incursion have no resistance
For without warning they are unleashed

With lightning speed they're complete
Decks are filled as lands are depleted(Instrumental)Flames of candles dimly enlight
The place of ritual sacrifice
Disciples congregating
Haunting chants slowly rising
My life I have forsaken
My mind open to the unknown
Now my dying moment is here
I wait for the blade to slash open my heart
On the altar

Candles slowly consuming
Haunting sound of the Demon bell
Disciples copulating
For the beast to rise up from Hell
Mystic words, intense atmosphere
Ritual dreams, Death is calling
My eyes slowly closing 
Last human thought before fading

My own darkness has lead me to you
By my own self, I have decided to die

The blade now penetrates my flesh
Intense pain I feel
Words of Death still resounding
Through blood my life is fading
May my blood turn
Into eternal rain
Drowning the world
Devastating
Leading you all
Towards Eternal Death(Instrumental)Lord of the Northern Sky,
Come forth behind Draconis,
The Great Black Dragon,
God of the cold and barred.

Rush forward Conqueror,
From the Shadows of Winter.
Lord of Beasts and Serpents,
Bearer of blackened Light.

Illuminated by the 7 Stars,
The Embracer of Storms,
Bring Your Blessing,
Of Darkness leading to the End.

A Day of Death,
A Day of Gloominess,
A Day of Graves,
And thick Darkness.

The Headless Cherubs fall,
Their Wings cut and broken,
Personification of Black Radiance,
The Apocalyptic Triumphator.The city is attached day and night from gigantic rams,
the walls and towers are struck by enormous boulders.
From the sea they come deriving ships from Costantinopolis,
but they are defeated by the Saracen fleet.
Siracusa is besieged from eight months
it is prey to the hunger and the illnesses,
the city is by now in knee but it continued to withstand heroically,
Last soul of the moslem resistance.

The Saracens gathered against the tower of the Porto Grande,
by now weakened by the repeated attacks.
For twenty days and twenty nights the soldiers of Islam
they were attacked furiously in impetuous assaults
Dawn of May 21, the war cars Arabs attack
the tower of the Porto Grande opening a breach of it.

A rain of stones falls on houses and streets,
while the Saracens overwhelm the few soldiers
what by now they defended the city sowing death and destruction.
A last nucleus of Byzantine soldiers
it tried to do front the enemy but they were done asunder,

Siracusa, last sWINNING SPECIES

 ALL HUMAN BEINGS SHARE A NATURAL
 DISPOSITION TOWARD
 COMPASSION AND INTERCONNECTEDNESS
 SOCIAL JUSTICE MAKE SENSE TO US

 THWARTS THE
 NATURAL
 HUMAN BEHAVIOR
 OF EXPRESSING OURSELVES
 THROUGH RAGE
 FEAR, OR GRIEF
 HIDDEN BY LAWS,
 PRINCIPLES AND CONSCIENCE
 WHEN THE RULES ARE CORRODE
 PART FREE AND IN PART CONDITIONED
 INNOCENCE OR GUILT
 CEASED TO
 MAKE SENSE

 THE ROOT OF EVIL IS MY SHORT-TERM INTERESTS

 THWARTS THE
 NATURAL
 HUMAN BEHAVIOR
 OF EXPRESSING OURSELVES
 THROUGH RAGE
 FEAR, OR GRIEF
 HIDDEN BY SCREEN,
 HOME INQUIRER
 WHEN THE WORLD IS CORRODE
 PART FREE AND IN PART CONDITIONED
 SOCIALLY PRIVILEGED
 REST I
 DON'T CAREAnother world is born from simple words,
have a sound of good hope when you are alone,
dries the tears, revitalizes your soul,
against the future barriers you will find your hope.
I feel the love around me I am witness.
Against the fate the future seems to change,
other reasons calling other things,
you are looking for decisions only to change,
you are looking for conditions to never feel the pain.
I feel the love around me I am witness,
I feel the love around me and I can feel my soul.
Be smiling over the ground, full living beyond your life.
I feel the love around me I am witness,
I feel the love around me and I can feel my soul.
Be smiling over the ground, full living beyond your life.Darkness spawned by the Damned
Bringer of Plague and War
Mankind, smothered in ashes
Devastation unfolds

Triumphing Blasphemy

Lightning, strike their sanctuaries
Smashing their idols
Slavery for centuries
Ending in Fire and Blood

Triumphing Blasphemy

Vanquished, destroyed - All life falls
Devastation - Death to all

Annihilation - Holocaust
Faces Of The Void - One and all

Devastation, Blasphemy
Destruction, Devilry

Triumphing BlasphemyThe Birchthralls are cut in twain, 
where the power of the Kaiser wanes 
Further west, the lands of the Fae 
lie in wait for the day we away! 

To east lie our fearsome lords, 
the Arns of the glorious Mark 
They'll rest easy knowing we are here 
'tween their kingdom lands and the ageless Sylvan fear! 

A bulwark hold built in ages past, 
to keep the foe at bay 
They'll be roaring to the battlements, 
even as the world begins to fade away! 

Built by sweat and tears and blood, 
with iron, stone and gold 
Banners of the violet Traunus bear, 
flow from our every mighty turret hold! 

Ever the walls of Briar's Bluff will sway, 
the wroth of an ancient foreign rage 
Even as the winds of time come to blow us away... 

Past the reach of Redstone Tower, 
lies the key to Aernland's power 
A stern line of shielded men, 
steel of heart, spears firm, we fight again! 

The legions of The Red Dawn stand in wait, 
for blood and fire is the soldier's fate!Do you believe in grand illusions
and gold at the rainbow's end?
Well, don't put faith in week emotions
There's more than meets the eye
Always two sides of a story
My conviction's indestructible
I only have one great desire 
and hate will be my song. This one's for you
 
Look at me, I've fallen. Fallen for your lies
To desecrate so heartless you pulled the shortest straw
 
I'll sign my name and turn the page
Recorded dreams vanished in a haze
Shadows fell between time and space
Now nothing is left to feel
A pointless view whispers in silence
My living Hell, my endless doom
By earth and water, fire and wind
May my wish come true. Lord
 
Hymns be sung for aeons 
but lies will still be lies
Destitute of heart-strings 
I pound my fist at the sky
    
CHORUS:
They say that time will find a way 
to mend these broken wings
I'm a slave to anguish
You've ripped my heart apart
But time is here to recover 
and vengeance will be mine
 
Betrayed me with a Judas kiss
Shifted colours from white to grey
Never more I'll be led astray
I won't fall for lies again
    
CHORUS
 
Look at me, I've fallen. Fallen for your lies
To desecrate so heartless you pulled the shortest straw

You pulled the shortest strawEndless days he spend in vain attempts to find his calling 
With the gaze that night absorbed 
Yet 

Like mournful soul hope that was killed was lost forever 
Was cradled was consoled by blackness 
Will heal never 

Tormenting wound that bears for ages my damnation 
Is being in heaven mourned in deep distress by angels 

Mighty Father help my to find my self 
So that I could see my predestination 

Torn to pieces, destroyed is his perception 
Hope is gone but he tries to find salvation 

The light of absolution hidden by the scales 
Of sufferings from his eyes shone warming his tired soul 
Exhausted by everlasting wanderings 
Blood did not warm the cold stone against my hope 
Search for fate was cut by deathWorlds will fall stone after stone 
All of us see this disaster 
War, pain, death propagated 
We're going down, straight to Hell 

We are down, we are down 
Down to Hell 

Pandora (x2) 
And the world will fall 
Pandora (x2) 
Stone after stone 

Earth is Hell from now on 
Since Pandora is each of us 
The same strength, the same weakness 
But Hope can raise usI knew my destination from my moment of birth
I'd live my life my own way and wreak havoc on Earth
Through my entire childhood most everyone could tell
I have no earthly master 'cause I'm condemned to hell!

My moral violations are proof for all to see
My life is just a journey to where I ought to be
There are evil wicked forces within my every cell
Which always reassures me that I'm condemned to hell!

Hell - Is meant for me
Hell - Is where I'll be
Hell - The place I'll roam
Hell - My final home

To many I'm a demon to others I'm insane
But all who dare confront me are brought to death in pain
I always kill them slowly I love to hear them yell
I slaughter without mercy and I'm condemned to hell!!

Condemned to hell!!...I call and Summon the winds of Sacrifice, under the Veil of Night, before the Crimson Moon.
      For thou my soul bleeds forever, unto the altars of time.
        I rasie thy Athame, before my own wrist, to spill my blood. Into the Dragon's chalice.
        I offer my essence unto the immortal gods. Undead and dreaming, they lie beyond the depths, within the astral seas. With blood I invoke thee, let us commune, I offer thy Crimosn Sacrament, unto thee TIAMAT. Come forth in the night Oh ancient serpent, taketh the blood I shed for you. I chant the conjuration that cause the great gates to open wide. Let us commune in bloodlust, rapture and sin! Entwined within the bliss of Chaos I embrace the ancient spirits, I cast their darkness upon the earth.
        From the darkness of the winter night's veil, in the hour when Ursa Major hangs lowest in the vast eternal sky, the sound which summons the ancients resonates, the sound of thy blood, dripping upon the altar stone.
            A sound which calls beyond the veil of the abyss, and heard amongst the resless ones who lie beyond the gates. From dimesnions unknown the AKHKHARU descends to take the essence of blood. I place into the flame the sacred seal of the demon which is bonded by blond. Pulled into the astral plane my consciousness carries me on. I travel in the shape of a demon, who rapes the blood of man. From the bowels of Chaos, my soul is reborn with a hatred, pure towards mankind. I cast thy web of magick upon the night's dominion, I drift unto the sleepers side. - to open up thier veins wide.
          I feed amongst the sleeping and offer thy Crimson essence unto the horned serpent that dwells in the night sky!Warelogged in lighter fluid
soaked to the bone
igniting the flammable fumes
I'm now consumed in Fire.

My ungodly groans
melting my flesh off my bones
this blaze of fire takes it's toll
sizzling my flesh, I was comsumed whole
burning my skin was so sweet
burning off all my meat.

My cooked body charred from head to toe
the flames on my torso brought low
as blisters from my third degree burns
my skull cracks leaks pus and churns.

Facial expression burned out of place
flesh drips and runs down my face
incinerating my body, human flesh reshapes
my burnt body can only hand and drape
disfigured in flames
melting my skin is my only game.

The shell i create
is a pungent shell that i all hate
it fills deep in my room
and signals my doom
charred flesh has spread
blistered sores bleed red.(Instrumental)Chapel of Blood, Hades rise
Sorcerer, of God's demise  
Bring them pain
Bring them death
Son of God
Final death

Books of Jewish skin
Altars of Christian bones
Painted in Islamic blood
These gods are undone
The Chapel of Blood
The Throne of Hate

They all bleed the same way
Worthless lives, torn away

Hate awaits, at its gates
Looming towers of dark powers

SUPREME
SATANIC 
DEVASTATION!!Preacher of all the porks
savior of all hypocrites 
king of the nuns whores
king of the garbage and worms
king of the nuns whores
king of the garbage and worms

Son of the king of false ones
rotting that stinks from the sky
king of the nuns whores
king of the garbage and worms
king of the nuns whores
king of the garbage and worms

We wait for your arrival to give you our welcome
a wreath of nails in your head and a lance to be impaled
your poor kingdom of insects will claim the disgusting blood 
of her false and coward king who they are called jesus christ

Welcome to the dirt, your kingdom of shit
we spit your cross and vomit your presence
welcome to the dirt, your kingdom of shit
we spit your cross and vomit your presence

Black blasphemies inside maria's vagina
black blasphemies inside his stinking uterus
black blasphemies inside maria's vagina
black blasphemies inside his stinking uterusWhere am i now
Guess somewhere
Beyond the pain
Where no one lives
Inside my black shell

You can hit me harder
You can molest me
You can make me bleed
But you won't break my soul

You can spit at me
You can slap my (ace
You can torture me
But you will never succeed

It doesn't matter how tar you go
The time will come
And then you gonna learn
It doesn't matter how deep you fall
The time will come
When the shell releases me
I will be reborn
You can't bring me down!!!!!!

Where am i now
Guess somewhere
Beyond the pain
Where no one lives
Inside my black shell

It doesn't matter how many wounds
It doesn't matter how many scars
It doesn't matter how many cuts
I will survive

My will can't be broken
My head i'll never bow
Disconnected to this world
I will never cryBring forth the time that remains, 

To those who seek the meaning of the Word, 

The will to break a system, 

A need for those who can create, 

Words are what make us, 

Are what we create, language is dimensional, 

In the midst of chaos showing 

This love is ever flowing 

Monuments can be turned to ruins 

But words cannot decay, cannot decay 

The universe is an extortionist 

Forever slowly bleeding us dry 

And the will to thrive is denied 

By contextual divides 

Separation of word and void. 

A structured cluster of pre-conceived ideas, schemas, Schema 

Can Create. 

Words may transform into cosmic entities 

Structured by the will of man to design infinity 

Separate, word and void become one with the aethyr 

Bring together dark and light and incarnate all that we fearYou see the winter light
Do you remeber me?
I lay underground
Near the mount
Will you forgive me
The things that I've done
You don't see how much
You miss me here
Dwelling this lonely world
Dreaming of you
And you can heal the light into this worldThe prayers are never forgiven.
These saints are forced to sleep.
A withered redemption.
Scorn the final bits of faith.
When, the silence takes control...

When does this light end?
When does this light end?
When does this light end?
When hope becomes the ancient.

The still born defect
Defiled and worthless.
Surreal with redemption...
Tear apart your grip on faith.
When, the silence takes control...Illumine! Ashes of the Underskin - cry is thine my lungs to mourn
Before my eyes... pale was the earth (yet so bitter within itself)
In bleak light, with bleeding sigh...
A name, in grief desired to be spoken loud when silent
never shall be retrieved, never again...
A wind, caressing your flesh in deceit
never shall be retrieved, never again
Of you who praise mercy and grace this presence
Shall barely one fragile soul be spared?!
Down, rape the truth with your flesh in woe
Reverse all... Earth corrodes and flesh dissolves
With faith and death of thy bereaved path
Blessed be, by invoked afterspirits, their emptiness given...March! Onward through the mist! Crush the enemy! Batter their skulls!
Slay them! Burn them to the ground with burning torches
Cut! Spew their innards and scatter their heads

Gaze back into the forest and above at the full moon
I am protected by this power
I feel strengthened and regenerated

Sail across the gloomy lake with spears and fire
Hack terrible serpents that emerge from the dark depths
Grim events unfold in these hellish waters
Carcasses hang motionless on the surface

The mouth of hell is wide open
Not far from the banks
The fight is on

Charge
The time is now
Fear not
Send them to burn
Back into the fire

Torture them
Bring them down
Smash their faces
Bring terror to themReact!
React!
Let terror take it's hold
Defense always has a worthy price in eyes covered with fear

Slaughter!
Slaughter!
Crush them scum with vigor
Remains black and still hot, a smoldering tribute to excess

For there is only red stained sand
where there could be glass
Never to rape the fertile
When only the pests are seeked

Capricious Mass
Capricious Mass
Capricious Mass
Capricious Mass

Progress!
Progress!
Let those incessant schouls pass
Forget these century old lessons and fall back to Eden with shame

Conserve!
Conserve!
Keep failed agendas at hand
Supply force for fledgling gods and fulfil their destiny of ruin

For there is only shit and failure
A vicious cycle for us fools
Reigning ineptitude corrodes all vision
The dust of future fills the gaping holes

Capricious Mass

Sensationalist flock ruled by emotions
All reason thrown to the wolves
Righteous swine ruled by tradition
forgetting the history of rot

Pompous race blinded by triumphs
Toxins rule the consensus
Ignorant breed held down by failure
Development is a game for clowns

Exclaim!
Exclaim!
As if your judgement amounts
Be the hero of a tribe and ignore all senses

Assist!
Assist!
Gaining a place in the universe
Because this life will mean nothing in the glorious end

For there is only hope and disaster
Never shall we win the fight
This rancid mother will swallow us all
and only our steel will remain

Capricious Mass
Capricious Mass
Capricious Mass
Capricious MassSheath me beastly path 
white washed virgin wrath 

Shriek, stream, nameless grief	

An overture of breath wrought answers unheard. 
Shrinking back in grey anfractuous dismay 
For there is no bairn to hold this osteal meal, 
nor to lay gaze on thy auspicious smiles. 

Hide as Asters - frayed and wan 
An anaemic art - so meakly underdrawn 
Wet, cold, dead - submerged in the depth. 
A mirror of swans - They are as empty hands 

Silence entire - all birds are dead 
All windows broken as stonily sighs 
Tear, lust, sere - o naught shall last 
Singing of spring an orphan fails to be.Methodical torture
Impalement
Dismemberment
Amputation and Excisions
Ancient and secret Arts
Conveyed along Centuries
I am a submissive Apprentice
A Purulent Glansectomy
Will be my InitiationBeyond the boundaries of evil and death
Where soul obscenity is true
Violence on animals, desecration of corpses
In pray to putrefaction
Bestial, bewitching, satanic embrace
With the endless tormented body
Exhumation of lies of woman and man
Children die in the wind

Violator of deadly pale 
No one rests to be saved 
Hitting with the unholy knife 
No fearing the soul of Christ

Necrosadist takes your life,
Necrosadist

Butchery of zombies, he enjoys while his victims
Relentless run to decay
Animals, children, old women, whores
Know the unbound agony
Vacher, one of the greatest exposures
Demon of bloody sadism
The upbraided and wild lust of nightmare of death
The horror becomes reality

Violator of deadly pale
No one rests to be saved 
Hitting with the unholy knife 
No fearing the soul of Christ

Necrosadist takes your life,
Necrosadist

Slow, perfect in his rush of fear
Turning in the blackest sky
Spirit of the obedience
Smash! You're paralysed
Descend into the crypts of hell
Praising and deteriorate
See the colours of bones disease
Bleeding of the lifeless bodies
Satisfy his every must
Intense desire still alive
I will arise
Sucking' in to cause your death
Pay for endless decree
The flame of death burns black in mind
Slow death, eternity
Inform the lord of fire and pain
Look down the grace of spell
The old woman is twisted and slaughtered
Send her soul to hell
Deny the wrath of God
Pledge to me a slave
Drink the blood of the masses
Exhumer of your grave

Necrosadist takes your life
Necrosadist(Instrumental)Misplace your blame.
Innocence ripped from me.
Dry your tears.
Come on dear please don't cry.
Your fears, I see them inside your eyes.
Let's play a fun, little game I made.
I swear it's fun for the whole family.
Your mom left me because of him.
She's wrong.
She can't be in love with him.
She's gone.
She took everything with him.
The love, the trust, the worth, the blood, the lust.
The lust.
Years of pain coupled with strain.
All the blame's been placed on me, hopeless.
Hopelessly reaching out for someone to help me.
I bleed.
Filling a need.
Trying not to scream.
Damn me to a life of shit.
Every day's the same.
I have to go through the pain of this mental bliss you take away from me.
I just want to say, fucking get out of my face.
I don't need you constantly harassing me.
Just go away.
Why won't you please go away?
I can no longer handle what you do to me.
Look at this face, full of pain and of disgrace.
This is the last day of my sanity.
Pain.
Someone help me.
Fly away.
Fly away someday.
Pain.
Someone help me.
Cause I can no longer deal with me.
Someone help me, cause I, cause I, I, cause I'm sick of this.
Every day's the same.
I have to go through the pain of this mental bliss you take away from me.
I just want to say, fucking get out of my face.
I don't need you screaming.
Beating.
Bleeding the life right out of me.
Screaming.
Beating.
Abusing.
And you raped my fucking mind.
Everything has gone wrong for me.
My well-being was gone before I had a chance to be a being.
Fly away.
Fly away someday.
Someday, sometime other than now.
I look around me and see the failure in me, in me.
Now that I see the damage in me I'm falling to my knees in shame.
I've tried to do what's right.
All this in spite of me failing miserably once again.
The shame.
Who is to blame?
Someone's got to care for me.
But they won't, so watch me bleed.
Turning into the negative.
Caring for nothing at all.
Blurring the lines of reality.
Into the bottle, there's nothing left for me at all.
Damn the bottle.
Feed the beast stop.
Feed the beast stop caring.
Slow release of, slow release of anger.
I can't stop this.
Try to cage it.
It will come sooner or later.
Run.
Feed the beast won't, feed the beast won't, feed the beast won't feed the beast won't stop.Where prophets have wandered
Through the sands of time
Conflict and lies
Word against word
Man gainst man

Uncompromising extermist
Authoritarian death cult terrorist
Led by unquestionable fath
Equipped to detonate

Martyroom operation, intent to kill
Deliberate creation of dread

Suicide terrorism
Let the blood flow, let the flesh burn
For this is the bay of truth
It's the human carnage
Justified by faith, hatred from within
Fleshbomb !

Martyroom operation, intent to kill
Deliberate creation of dead
Violence for dramatic purpose
Targeting the opposition
Accepting their own death

A return to medieval ways
Let the free thinking man hang dead
From the tree of life
A reality in discordance with belief

Infidels !
This is where I will shed my blood
Through self immolation
The death of an Enemy
I will take you down with me
I am the fleshbomb !

Propaganda regime
Conscription by deception
Hypnotic mass suggestion
Blind obedient mind-slaves
In spiritual warfare - Insanity divine
Blessed by a mother's kiss of death[ Home Of Gods ]

Let me go to the home of gods
Let me see its beauty
I want to hail my forfathers
I want to forever fight

I sharpen my weapons
I preapare for this journey
Never will I return
Forever I`ll stay with my brothers

A place where I can feel free
where I`ll be immortal
I raise my sword
As i enter through the gates to the....

Home of gods
Home of kingsThe world of divine androgyne, my end is my beginning, vastness of the all transcending time barriers.

The boundry of the universe, the eternity of time, psychic force that is life itself...

In between this ocean of diversity, born from the source, individual.  Mirroring nature, part of the world, in us remain the echo of Agla

Ringing in unison with the incandescent fountain.

By breathing in, all matter's retained safely...mastering all that is, was, and shall be...

We are drops of water in his very essence, seperated entities, expressions of our own concept.

"I stand supreme immovable when time weaves its web on mortals" (x2)

Eternal serpent emanating from itself "for there is, no beginning, nor is there an end".

Everything known-unknown encompassed centrally...indeniable, universal, unicity of the whole.

Self knowledge, humble awareness of the union.  Hissing to the tangential Routi, lions jaws discovering the black sun.

Veninous reptile perpetual dark and bright in its embracing coils.

"Trapped in silence are the words pronounced, silence is where all is one" (x2)

Slough!..your skin!!!
Bend!..to your king!!!

"Trapped in silence are the words pronounced, silence is where all is one"(Instrumental)1. Icelight Glitter	
2. Pale And Unmoving	
3. The World Cloaked By The Breast Of Night	
4. Alpha Cygni	
5. Dust From Frozen Seafloors	
6. Anywhere Out Of The World (Dead Can Dance cover)
7. ShadowheldHolocaust wind blows upon the Earth
Majestic visions of a dying world
Ecstasy of rotten corpses
Lives before my eyes

Hail the dawn of the new era
An age of sorrow and desperation
Without hope, without light
Without light, without hope

Holocaust wind blows upon the Earth
Spreading Death and destruction upon the weaks

Scream, suffer
Submit, obey
Vanish into oblivion
Die by thy hands

Holocaust wind blows upon the EarthAll alone deep inside your mind
There's a pain that is real
So hard to define
Look around it's there for you to see
How I wish you were here with me

Civilisation
The grand design
Is so very old
Way beyond all your reasoning
There you'll find a better day
And a better way

When the road is so long and divides
When you cower in fear
Nowhere to hide
Look around it's there for you to see
How I wish you were here with me

Civilisation
Like winter's breeze
Is so very cold
Way beyond all your conditioning
There you'll find a better day
And a better way

So when your search for inner peace
Becomes much more than you've bargained for
All you long for is release
So in the hope that all is lost
The sky will get so much clearer now
All you need is guidance there

So you shall see
Civilisation
The grand design 
Is so old yet alive
Yet it's so very cold
Way beyond all your reasoning
There you'll find
A better day
And a better way

When the road is so lond and divides
Look around it's there for you to see

How I wish you were here
How I wish you were here
How I wish you were here
How I wish you were hereNo use for this, no use for us
Conveniently disposed of, your friendship means fitting in
Casual dismissal of those who no longer fit your needs
The useful ones are still around 'til they too turn to shit

Shallow, your friendships, you scenester hypocrites
You live a life of pretension and feel no remorse for it
You posture, you're all fucking frauds, we know you're full of shit
No use for you, we knew it too, you're mindless fucking twits

Passive aggressively living your lives and all those around you are tools
A means to an end for your worthless creations, unwittingly looking like fools
You're strangely believing that despite how you act, everyone else is to blame
A million things they should have done for things to stay the same

But not this time

Passive aggressively living your lives and all those around you are tools
A means to an end for your worthless creations, unwittingly looking like fools
You're strangely believing that despite how you act, everyone else is to blame
A million things they should have done for things to stay the same

False brotherhood despite the hours that were shared
Fraud now and always one - it's clear as day

The way you live your lives is catching up with you
Just watch your back and stay aware
The jury's back and you are guilty
You think that you can step on everyone you meet
But beware of where those feet will land, there may not be a retreat...How long does it need to live in this place
Now knowing warmth, now knowing rest?
In the roots of frozen world
We're all the prisoners of life
Of life...
I want to rush up to the sky
With a flock of wild brids
Towards to blead suspense
Where only void is around
Only void...
I've found the key to this black cell
And loaded the last bullet
I'm a prisoner and a martyr
Reading sentence to myself
Tears're falling down from grey sky
Along with doomed las breaths
They fill the cup of indifference
And sense from it I drink
In this night full of blood
The winter sky is so close
My wounds are so wide
Visions are coming true
Ancient darkness
Void for senses under the moonlight
Society is afraid of my beliefs
Afraid of darkness at the end of tunnel
And I'm free
For knowing it
All that remains after me... only the howling wind
All that remains after me... only the sound of rain 
If I believed in sin
I'd be kissed by deep grief if I believed in god
I would be damned by awaken from eternal slumber
For this painful life
Blood is frozen on my corpse
Under the light of distant stars
We are all in death's black hole
That swallows everything
In natural order of thingsDevoid of mercy, fast as a thunder 
He is full of anger, and he'll send you under 

Ripper of flesh, coming from a tomb 
Riding on a horse, to tear apart your soul 

Darkest Avenger, leaded by his rage 
Now he is out of hell, and nothing gonna this 
Cutthroated ghost, stay out of his sight 
Even if you do this, you gonna loose your mind 

Run 
Run for your fucking life 
He comes for you tonight 
He's looking for his head 
Soon you'll be dead 
Now 
You are completely lost 
And he has not remorse 
To cut you down your neck 
Soon you'll be dead 

BEHEADED RIDER 

Nowhere to run, Nowhere to hide 
The fifth horsemen comes, searching genocide 
The silent breaks the night, and he can smell your fright 
Nothing you can do, to stop this spectral rite 

Run 
Run for your fucking life 
He comes for you tonight 
He's looking for his head 
Soon you'll be dead 
Now 
You are completely lost 
And he has not remorse 
To cut you down your neck 
Soon you'll be dead 

Beheded rider 
Beheaded Rider 
You die harder 
Beheaded Rider 
Sent you straight to hell 

He, who comes from the depths, bringing us death 
Master of hate 
March, into the coldest night and absolve everyone 
Live is a misery 

Come spreading your domain, devastation and rage 
Cursing humanity 
Your prayers won't be heard, even God now is dead 
There's no salvation for us 

Beheaded RiderArisen among shadows of blackened atrocities
We are decrepit and isolated
The fearful tales of a saddened legacy

And within our crypt like comfort
Deems the need for release
We are banished heresy
We are a fallen dynasty

Wandering lost like tragic ghosts
Unrestrained with abysmal perfection
But haunted now by our own sins
Urging for release as to be left in peace

Let us be with our agony
A mausoleum of misery
Within the dreadful hour
Hollowness seems to bring my peace

Leave my minds torment
Within this dreadful hour
Bereaved inclined 
Profound upon
This hideous throne
Slowly we are dying
Inside this loathsome slumber
Hateful hellish but purifying
Quickly come reviving
Insufferable living
A vile existence for all of time(Instrumental)Hail Orthos, the Cthonic God!
Hail Cerberus, the Guardian of the Underworld!
Hail Lernaean Hydra, the Serpent Goddess!
Hail Gorgon, the dreadful God!

In the name of Typhon,
the Lord of the primitive world
I embark upon the inner
passage to seek the truth!

Typhon's Race,
the God's Disgrace
Typhon's Race,
the God's Disgrace
Typhon's Race,
the God's Disgrace

The world falls apart slowly.
It's the birth of th Venomous Dynasty.
Monstrous Winged Man and Beast.
Celebrating the earth-shattering Feast.
Oh, the number is 56!

Hail Orthos, the Cthonic God!
Hail Cerberus, the Guardian of the Underworld!
Hail Lernaean Hydra, the Serpent Goddess!
Hail Gorgon, the dreadful God!Stillness in the womb, harvesting a rotten seed of the Tree of Life,
A charade of chaotic laughter,
As all utterances become a single platitude

He, the life, who was cast out for our sins,
And forever thrown into damnation

Savior of the incestuous birth,
Void that preserved the equilibrium,
Symmetry that sprang from a chaotic storm,
Where the waves of fire came to burn

Then a grouping of an abominable cell,
The insidious tumor of the world,
The self-amused plague,
Contaminated by the act of birth

An ailment -- dispersion of the pallid pool
And so it was said that it is good,
Immurement, by corporeal design;
Florid Verses of the shackled authors

And from there to dust all fell,
Shame dignified,
Nature deemed perverse,
The void shrouded in unsound fables

Of more,
Of the better,
Of the profound,
The craving for lost transcendence

Impaled by the searing blades,
Fortune punctures the infected wounds,
Of the feeble,
As the dichotomy grows,
On the precipice,
Cowering back into the womb,
Agony spirals,
The loss of every net of control,
The coming to a definite close

Divested of every possession,
Deprived of all feeling,
The definitive insight,
The wistful pain of insightDo not flinch, don't say a word, the war has been fought well
You are in the trenches, fighting your way to death

The divine is a fraud

The divine is a palpable fraud, a means to keep the rows in check
You are in the trenches, fighting your way to death

The divine is a fraud

Man derives a meaning for life, not from a divine mandation
In this illusion of meaningfulness there is no right or wrong

You have the ability to weigh, to know what's good, what's bad
Do not run from the truth, do not transfer responsibility

The absurd notion of meaning, in this frame of reference
You were in the trenches, fighting your way to death

Man derived a meaning from life, not from a divine mandation
in this illusion of meaningfulness there is no right or wrongRevelations engulfed my soul and mesmerized my empty flesh
Euphoria washed out over me and I knew that is was no hallucination
It became clear, the way He revealed before my eyes
That life was but a moment to choose
The Truth of empty lies
But I knew
A thousand deaths I would suffer to serve no longer as a slave
A thousand deaths I would drudge with thunder and vice
Through this void revelation
Let my eyes bleed out all sight
I denounce all that I have ever know
I denounce the "truths" that have only been phantoms
Be it above, so be it below
Let this flesh become ash
My soul seeps to the netherworld, through grounds of rotting strife
I sacrifice my every drop of blood to Him who has no past
I sacrifice my every vein to Him, the One without death and the one Without life
Satan, Salvation to those who have followed Your words
Let me rid of this empty life, and be rid of this putrid delight
Satan, Light for those who seek the Truth
May there be no more upheaval through the womb of life
Let my eyes bleed out all sight
I denounce all that I have ever know
I denounce the "truths" that have only been phantoms
Be it above, so be it below
Revelations engulfed my soul and mesmerized my empty flesh
Euphoria washed out over me and I knew that is was no hallucination
It became clear, the way He revealed before my eyes
That life was but a moment to chooseTake him off the cross
It's him who needs a delivering savior
Bound to the cold woods
They are one

No deliverance
Just food for our guilt
What a merciful fate we received
Indeed we are the blessed

An uninvited guest who's staying
He seeds wind amongst his hosts
And harvests the flourishing storm
Spilling red wine on their altar

The procession leads towards inner emptiness
Towards fear and the need of an idol
It leads away from our own flame which fades away

Blessed are the blind
The servants of the wordless
For they don't see the masquerade of their own kind

Damned to turn the other cheek
To beg for his mercy
Damned to live their lifes in his shadow

The chalice of ignorance
Is reached from mouth to mouth
And quenches the thirst of the world

This juice may drown the world
But it won't touch our lips
We will not wait for the funeral winds
To pass us the promised wings
No repressed pride - no restricted self
We will take what can be taken by living handsCaptured in this paradise of light
I can only feel lost
No grief, no pain
How to maintain
This world is no longer mine
A warlord I was, cities we took
A warlord I was, cities we took
Melancholy fills my heart
Why did I lose my youth
Brilliant my battles were
No journey too great
Parades in conquered streets
While our banners were flying high
True glory could be found
Inspired by the root of all evil
Memories of battles
Like gods of war we were
Like gods of war we were
We sat at satan's left hand
Peace came... oppressed instincts
Reign my land
This land is no longer mine
Now our paradise is lost...Draw in the cold air
And close all perception
Draw in the cold fire
Fall away into redemption

Rise up and descend 
Through the breathing corpse
To tarry fibrous dreams
And embers of the unbound will

In the sleeping roots 
Of Chaos' arteries
To rise as great oaks
Through a soil that is diseased

In states of sleep or war
The decay of the doubt
Great monolith of fear
Which falls with a gesture of thought
And the coiled one awakes
In a halo of stones
And each beat like hammers
The interior of the sky... The Sky...

To manifest my highest
And greatest commands
For the demon of the sun, present a mirrored dance
Scrying for Chaos in Darkness, and death in steel...Instil...

And...
Breathe in the signs
Of the Pandean trance
A banishing laugh
Yet hatched in negation's glance...

[Incantation]

I. A. S. O. D. D.!
I. A. V. R. R!

T. H. B. C. V. H. V. H.!
T. H. R. W. W.!

Z. Z. N. Z.!
Z. Z. N. Z.!This is the beginning of the enemy's last day army. This is Satan's ultimate deception, his ultimate power of destruction. Throughout the ages he has used this army - do not fear. I have an army too. You must now stand and fight, because there is no longer any place to hide from this war. You must fight for My kingdom, for truth, and for those who have been deceived. You have used the wisdom that will enable you to keep climbing. Many have fallen because they did not use their sword properly to anchor themselves.Under the nocturnal sky
Of perpetual shadows
In ancestral valleys we spread
On the Earth our evil
We felt the flame of the battle
Burning in our souls
With hate of thousand warriors
Turn Heaven in chaos

Black war, holocaust, profanation
Unholy forces of pagan hordes
The age of the black war
Black war, holocaust, devastation
The old fury of night spirit
The age of the black war

Destroy the sacred symbols
The battle against Christianity
Profane the Christian soil
With the blood of my enemy
The Earth become our reign
Of power and glory
The dawn will be only one memory

Black war, holocaust, profanation
Unholy forces of pagan hordes
The age of the black war
Black war, holocaust, devastation
The old fury of night spirit
The age of the black war

The twilight announce one new age
The age of shadows and darkness
The twilight announce one new age
The dark age of fire and ice!

Oh black war!
Hail, majestic pagan storm
Oh black war!
Free my soul and my heartSenor mi amo, la noche se ha levantado y en tinieblas peleo yo

Oh mi senor con tu poder haz temblar a los demonios
Oh mi Jesus con tu nombre haz huir a satanas(Instrumental)I'm buried and forgotten
Wandering on the leg
Of the ripped, the pleasant crypt
Let me rest, at dawn only
Decrepit darkness...
Morbid possession

Possessed by morbid reanimation
We must buried
The light on the tomb
Gloomy fogs in
Laugh and cries
Cursed we will scream...
Morbid possession

Blessed by obscurity
Funeral semen
The cry of the moon
A huge decrepit terror

A feast from beyond
Blood and death to lick
And satisfy to thirst
Obsession of
The unholy death...

Morbid possessionThis is the day
The day to kill all fear!

If despair fester our minds,
Man will face their last day of battle

Machinegun nest to the left
Two go flank and two go centre

Crawl, and throw the grenades
Don't hesitate!!
Or this will be our Last day of battle!

Embraced by fear
Cold Sweat
Trembling hands
Pounding heartbeat
( Your gun clicks..
have they seen us ?!? )

In a splitsecond..
You raise your head to see
Only to see a machinegun mouth's pounding fire, and
You're blasted to the ground!

This is the day!!
This is your last day of battle !!!

Hestiation of my fellow men
'caused death to more than one

This is the day
I will see my last day
The day that ends it all
My last day of battle

( I hate them as much as my enemies
Cowards and no good men, causing
My last day of battle )All alone on a cold street at night and I'm feeling the pain. Don;t know what's eating me inside and no one to blame. I've run and screamed all night with nowhere to hide. 

I'm going insane! 
And I'm trying to run away. 
And I'm trying to find a way. 

Pushed myself away from everyone and I'm feeling ashamed. So much anger and hate inside that I can't seem to tame. I've tried and tried to fight with no end in sight. 

I'm going insane! 
And I'm trying to run away. 
And I'm trying to find a way. 

Not my fault, no on'es to blame. And someday I won't feel the pain. Trying to run away, trying to run away.Mist through the night
I will be by your side
Believe have no fear
You whisper in my ear

A mist through the night
You enter my soul
I never really know
When you come and you go

Tonight on my own, all my thoughts are yours
You came through the night
With darkness by your side

Fear and desire has filled my heart again
I tried to forget, but here you are again

A mist through the night
You enter my soul
I never really know
When you come and you go

Remember the times, I could hold you in my arms
Lovin' you through the night, hoping it will last forever
I should have known that evil never sleeps
Lurks behind a corner, waiting for the moment
To posses those we most love in life

No power can separate you and I
Even if we die our souls will be together

A mist through the night
I will be by your side
Believe have no fear
You whisper in my ear

I never forget the darkest night of all
That took you away from me with no mercy

Now only pain, despair and tears remain
Locked in a room, they never let me go
Bars on my windows cannot keep you away
They tell me that you are just a crazy fantasy
But I know, you're the reason I'm still alive(Instrumental)Distant horns call for battle
We're approaching our fate
let dread behind us in the dales
from which we rose in the mists of dawn

We know our destiny
Yet we have no fear, led by valkyries,
We will gloriously march
into the halls of valhalla

Over the vast fields, farther we're hiking
Easily our weapons weigh in our hands
Greedy for blood we are
As we march towards Valhalla


Golden gleams Valhallas wide hall
Where men slain by sword
Fight each day to die
And come back to life the next day

Blessed are the ones who behold it's splendor:
From joined shafts, the roof is made
and covered with shields,
Armors are scattered upon the benches.between the fire is child, lonely soul
in the shadows of trees.
winds are in motion.
Reveals the side of darkness in her.

Sweet child has seen
too much evil because of destiny

and she became the one who feels despair.
Soul is torn. Torn by war.
winds are in motion.
Reveals the poisoned mind deep in her.

Her mind is full.
Filled with dark emotions
and the shadows of the past.Transmission of the organism occurs during
Vaginal, anal, or oral sex
The primary stage of syphilis is usually marked
By the appearance of a single sore, called a chancre

Sores occur mainly on the external genitals, vagina, anus, or in the rectum
Sores also can occur on the lips and in the mouth, with a swelling of lymph glands
The chancre lasts 3 to 6 weeks, and it heals without treatment
If treatment is not administered, the infection progresses to the secondary stage

Skin rash and mucous membrane legions
Characterize the secondary stage
Rash may appears as rough, red, or reddish brown
Spots both on the palms of the hands
Fever, sore throat, patchy hair loss, headaches
Weight loss, muscle aches, and fatigue
The late stage of syphilis begins
When secondary symptoms disappear

Infection remains in the body
It may damage the internal organs
Including the brain, nerves, eyes, heart
Blood vessels, liver, bones, and joints
Signs and symptoms include
Difficulty coordinating muscle movements
Paralysis, blindness and dementia
This damage may cause death

The syphilis bacterium can infect the baby of a woman during her pregnancy
The infected woman may have a high risk of having a stillbirth
An infected baby may be born without signs or symptoms of disease
Untreated babies may become delayed, have seizures, or dieSweet child, I wish you were dead
Sweet child, I wish you were dead
Dry your eyes now, little one
Shut up and listen, hear the screams in the night

Rage of fire
Rage in the night
Rage of fire
Rage in the night
Dry your eyes now, little one
My rage grows stronger, so burn!

Like a hunted child, alone
Face my demons of falling desire

Rage of fire
Rage in the night
Rage of fire
Rage in the night
Dry your eyes now, little one
The flames get higher, so burn!

Look up to the sky
Do you see the flaming eyes 
Watching you?
Watching you?

Can you feel their anger?
Let the madness lead you
No compass on this earth
Shows my direction

Can you feel their anger?
Let the madness lead you
No compass on this earth
Shows my directionDon't tell me us what we should do
we don't need help from you
we must go our own way
we wanna live today

We stay free
as long as we rock
we stay free

No time to hesitate
we must find our own fate
we see your tedious world
come on eat your own dirt

We stay free
as long as we rock
we stay freeHis eyes look so soft and clear
And white are his clothes
A creature, chosen to dwell above the clouds
Imprisoned in a garden of holyness
A sleeping angel
Malicious thoughts aren't welcome here
And a white spell of peace reigns over it

But a might insidious and dark
Is willing to desecrate the holy ban
With a black magic it's creating a dark shadow
And this shadow, full of evil, is trembling beyond the holy garden

Slowly it's entering the aura of the sleeping holy one
And he awakes, coz of a morbid feeling
He did never felt such a power
Did never felt such a lust

A wall of darkness is surrounding him
And the softness in his eyes is lost
He's entering the traitorous shadow again
And still more malice replaces his faith
The truth did kiss his blinded mind
Now he knows that there is a might, stronger than Heaven
And his eyes are turning blackI bring forth my inmost convictions
The facts open for anyone to see
The truth lies in what can be shown
There is no metaphysics to be known

When I die I will not fight thru
When I die I'll just return to the cycle

But I'll have the patience
The patience to console myself with grief

As a much wiser man once said:
"I do not fear death, I was dead for billions
And billions of years before I was born
And had not suffered the slightest
Inconvenience from it"

When I die I will not fight thru
When I die I'll just return to the cycle

I am the non-believer, I am the anti-theist
I believe only in things that are true
I am the non-believer, I am the anti-theist
I will live my one and only life for me alone

There is room for awe and wonder
But only inside the life we are living
I will not fight truth or love outside
The only true meaning is to be found inside

When I die I will not fight thru
When I die I'll just return to the cycle

But I'll have the patience
The patience to console myself with griefIt really is an amazing example of how hypocritical manipulatable pieces of shit human beings are. We slaughtered and destroyed the Armenian scum so what? They tried fucking us over so we gave them what they deserve which is a racial extermination. Happens all the time and is called war. What is the difference this time, just because its Armenian scum does it mean its not war. It really is an amazing example of how hypocritical manipulatable pieces of shit human beings are. There have been an inhumane war decades ago and whatever happened happened. What is this cry ass shit about accepting it and saying sorry. Fuck all your Armenian Asses, I am fucking Armenian and I don't cry. Grow some balls and attack us if you dare being massacred again. Everyone should know about the Armenian humiliation because it goes to show what kind of pussies they are.Yeah, c'mon
Love my girl
She lookin' good
C'mon
One more

Five to one, baby
One in five
No one here gets out alive, now
You get yours, baby
I'll get mine
Gonna make it, baby
If we try

The old get old
And the young get stronger
May take a week
And it may take longer
They got the guns
But we got the numbers
Gonna win, yeah
We're takin' over
Come on!

Yeah!

Your ballroom days are over, baby
Night is drawing near
Shadows of the evening crawl across the years
Ya walk across the floor with a flower in your hand
Trying to tell me no one understands
Trade in your hours for a handful dimes
Gonna' make it, baby, in our prime

Come together one more time
Get together one more time
Get together one more time
Get together, aha
Get together one more time!
Get together one more time!
Get together one more time
Get together one more time
Get together, gotta, get together

Ohhhhhhhh!

Hey, c'mon, honey
You won't have along wait for me, baby
I'll be there in just a little while
You see, I gotta go out in this car with these people and...

Get together one more time
Get together one more time
Get together, got to
Get together, got to
Get together, got to
Take you up in my room and...
Hah-hah-hah-hah-hah
Love my girl
She lookin' good, lookin' real good
Love ya, c'monReaching out from beyond
 He's dying to be killed
 Screaming out without a sound
 The pain, it's in his eyes

 Without a thought, his mind goes blank
 Blind stare confesses weakness
 Rotting bones, decaying flesh
 Makes him look almost human

 Utters something only he understands

 Watching, waiting for the death of this stranger
 That clings to life desperately
 Forcing air into his lungs
 Confused, he loosens his grip

 As his mind slowly drifts away
 Reality faces day after day
 Screams in his darkness, his way he cannot find

 A time to live, a time to die

 SOLO - Brett
 SOLO - Andy

 You don't want to see his end
 As if this wasn't it now
 He takes a look into his past
 And hopes this breath will be his lastIt's been so fucking cold here... and all the prayers I've made tonight have somehow lost their meanings...

I watch the ceiling of an empty room
Where all my memories are falling down
In a dead end, I'm lost and doomed
I wanna stop this spellbound
There's a smell of death outside
I even forget my desires

I'm searching the answer which never exists
I'm pulling the trigger, I couldn't resist

I'm leaving behind all the past
When I close my eyes, it's coming back again
I'm leaving this life much too fast
When I close my eyes, it's coming back... again

Its' been a long, cold and lonely ride
My loved ones are so far away
'Til the next day I will close my eyes
I wanna take this highway
There's a scent of blood in the cell
It was the right time for a farewell

I'm searching the answer which never exists
I'm pulling the trigger, I couldn't resist

I'm leaving behind all the past
When I close my eyes, it's coming back again
I'm leaving this life much too fast
When I close my eyes, it's coming back... again

Searching the answer which never exists

I'm crawling...
I'm leaving behind all the past
When I close my eyes, it's coming back again
I'm crawling...
I'm leaving this life much too fast
When I close my eyes, it's coming back... againA big explosion, and it all turned black
in the night the disaster was here.
Reaktor 4 was no more.
That night in 1986

At 01:23 the siren screamed.
Panic struck all around.
People in a shade of green.
Oh.. so many died.(Instrumental)Just another day of stress and strife,
your average joe comes home to his wife.
Greets her at the door with a hug and a kiss,
gropes her ass and she gets pissed
She leans over to feed the dog
His mouth waters as he grabs his hog
A sly request met with dismay
His balls are blue for another day
Months have passed since they did the do
and this man struggles to stay true
His hands are tired from masturbating,
so he closes in practically begging.
She's in the shower, tits soaking wet
She screams and shouts as he pulls out his dick
Violently struggling to close her legs
The wait is over, the beast is untamed
The semen oozes through his member and through his veins
This game of cat and mouse fuels his rage
Hunger to mount the bitch and release his seed,
creates more abuse for his sexual need
Arguments ensue, therapy follows
But in the end, his cum will be swallowed
Whether through force or false desire,
the beast will unleash and set her pussy on fire
Tonight - you will be mine
There is no escaping - my love
Blood trickles down the face
as her head bounces off the tile
Underneath the grunts behind his clenched teeth
his kindred spirit broken and vile
The once loyal husband
succumbs to deep primal urge
She gasps and vomits beneath her sobs
as sticky, white hatred is violently purged
Bruises up her cervix with every thrust,
no longer true to his affection
He's given into his lust,
ripping out hair, handful by the handful
Her face smashed against the tub,
slipping in and out of consciousness
Overwelmed by this brutal, inevitable hatefuck
Pelvis pumping even harder,
his cock numb from masturbating
Raw, chaffed, and senseless,
makes her torture neverending
Fingernails pierce her buttocks
A thumb in her anus for better grip
His eyes burning with rejection,
she never thought he could be so sick
Grabs her throat, dick in mouth,
fucks it hard till cums comes out
Her ears ringing, 'Till death do us part'
Damned to cope with a broken heart
He dries off, stress relieved
Wife left shaking on bloody knees
Drops to floor, drenched in cum
Struck catatonic, love forever gone
The semen oozes through his member and through his veins
This game of cat and mouse fuels his rage
Hunger to mount the bitch and release his seed,
creates more abuse for his sexual need
Arguments ensue, therapy follows
But in the end, his cum will be swallowed
Whether through force or false desire,
the beast will unleash and set her pussy on fireWeaponless I stand on this battlefield
So tall above the rest
I face an enemy too great in thrength and mass
My pride an courage have left
And now my soul is silled with fear

I hear my own heart pounding in my ears
Know that I will suffer for countless days
And that I will never forget this pain
Know that I will rise again

From my death you will create more death
Each stab at me will release a stabbing

Each time I've felt fear I will return to you

Know that I conquer know that I crush
And when you're on your knees that I have triumphed

And as I ask for my death fill your heart with victory
Turn your head and walk away forget my being
Your torture has made me stronger
With these last few days of life
I will come back again and fight
Now I have stufied and learned the path of the righteous
I have studied myself from uotside my body
So I abandon it and all its frailties
And attack with a force beyond your reckoning(Instrumental)Self-improvized gods
Madness on that brain grows
Lack of conscience shown
A fate, a shame

For an...

Nerve-cells off
Bones not tough
Lack of conscience shown
A fate, a shame

Theories building
A mess in the head
And the death in the veins

For an

Intern
Virus
Human

Agony of a race
Procreate to erase

Fear of death
Clearing palce
Bodies lamed

Inoculate the hate
You will never betray
This is the end

We're all waiting as lambs

Slim and rotting in bed
Breath and regurgitate
Holes are draining blood

Therapy - We feel insane
Demolish - We medicate
Purity - Many to blame
Feverish - The fluids away

Raising up more bacterias
Spreading the cells in vaginas
Over the edge - We fail

feeling a rain
Inside a drain

Intern
Virus
Human

Maculating shirts like monkeys
Dignity that falls hiding well
Epidermic moist that shivers
Nothing seems lost for believersCause Stone Cold Said So 

Stone cold, Stone cold 
I'm about coned cold 
king of the ring 
fuck I'm in heaven 
the Texas rattle snake 
Death awaits 

Fuck Fear 
Drink Beer 
Fuck Fear 
Drink Beer 
Cause Stone Cold Said So x 2 

Heading for the red light 
taking out KGB spy's 
throwing a stunner here or there 
with a fucking single care 
stone cold stone cold 
stone cold stone cold 

Fuck Fear 
Drink Beer 
Fuck Fear 
Drink Beer 
Cause Stone Cold Said So x 2I watched you die as the sun began to rise
I held your hand as the light left your eyes

I watched you wither in spring time
saw your life go in June
you left in the winter of your life
there is an emptiness without you
this song is my confession
I could have done more for you

I walked into the yard as it ate you alive
I need more time, a moment to say goodbye
now that you're gone the spark has disappeared
I felt your ghost as the coffin sank into the ground
this song is my confession
and my world will never be the sameFuneral darkness, clouds shadow the pale surface of the moon
Amid peals of possessed chants out from the darkness and the fog
The demon with black fur and claws as dirks is unbound
Skulks the woods in monstrous craving for blood

The burning eyes of the werewolf
The runes written in the stone
Forbidden wisdom hidden within
The signs of spells long forgotten

When the moon shines the cursed black soul is awoken
Bestial howls approach with terror in the dusk
Slowly in the silent woods the predator lurks
Old tales that forsee the beast have revivedNew horizons burn at the passing of silent shadows 
While slowly and inexorably 
Drag us over the hill 
Where ashes smell of new life 
Every choice will be revelead 
Each arcane gesture 
From the most destructive to the most subtle 
Will be regained 
If fog still hides the expression
on the faces of the dead 
Wait for a new day. 
The absurd concept of time
is what disintegrates what we make mortal. 
Let the knots be the vein of your ruination 
Let the knots be the vein of collapse 
And your body will become your temple.The seeds of evil were buried inside me
This heart I do not have... expired long ago!
Rotting I stand amongst you, sheeps of the light
Children of a false god of weakness! I CURSE YOU!

Open your arms in fanaticism... praise Satan!
Cut your veins... dive into the worlds beyond!
Extend the being to the non-being of Cosmos!
Be nothing but a shade... a blind servant Satan!

Let the twilight consume all Light,
Let the flames of Hell rape your history!
Even if we die... everything will die along with us
Fucking the jewish whores... 
WE'LL TAKE YOU TO OUR DEATH!

The Night will no longer whisper to "humans"
The evil curse was cast upon the palpable.
A reign of malicious void reveals itself in pride,
To the infinite suffering of your pathetic "human" souls!!!We are the fears that lurk inside your mind
As ancient race of a vampiric kind
Ruthless predators in this world we dwell
Live the law of fang and claw, with no heaven or hell
Hekal Tiamat, Temple of the Dragon
We are the future, the future is our brood
The undead gods revealing hidden truth
Vampires are few, but we are also many
Weak humans alive, show our prey is plenty
Those amongst our kind embrace the given creed
Animal instincts are how we strive and feed
Our list is for the hunt and lifeforce energy
The temple now awaits the final catastrophe
Hekal Tiamat, Temple of the DragonThe time has come, the divine Hectate observes herself in a mirror,
And while a hidden sun, dresses himself as a horned goat,
I begin my descent into the hole, into the center of earth,
Legions of ethereal souls, covered by a black mantle of lies,
They take place in front of me, ready to throw themselves on me,
And I come forth slowly, Covered in pitch,
'Till the end of this passion of mine,
'Till the day of my redemption,
I go down, down, down even more,
Until obscurity can be felt.
And here in a single light of Pure Spirit, appears beyond abyss,
And I know that beyond his oblivion, it will show me his name:
Lucifer
The old devourer opens the doors of Hell,
And together with my Lord, that is the Lord of War.I profess the idea of anti-cosmic chaos
Beyond the human way of understanding the world
My thoughts are not restrained by
Religion, science or human nature

Today I abandon myself
To find another me
I freed myself from me
By experiencing the mysteries of the black light

I will set the source of the black light
My heart is a Lucifer's flame

I'm not a slave of my own bigotry
I extricated myself from the philosophy of life
Restrictions
Lucifer's flame marked my way
The way that curved the spacetime

I will set free the source of the black light
My heart is a Lucifer's flame

I profess the idea of anti-cosmic chaos
I will set free the source of the black light
My heart is a Lucifer's flame
I freed myself from meWe are the architects of our own misery. Monuments of failure so high that they once eclipsed the sun. Awaiting perdition, we relish our art. Insatiable hunger for self destruction and the warmth of our own rot. Lost in the labyrinth of our own minds only to pass the time. But we cannot kill the time. It is the time that kills us, and as we sit back we soon become the dust that litters our derelict catacombs. We recognize that we're insignificant, but we still dream of a purpose only to ritually prepare for disappointment.Born as a ruthless beast
ambassador of death&atrocities
unwilling to repent his deeds
most grotesque and deadly

Feasting on souls he deprived
a nectar for a twisted mind

Another name inscribed
on his shrine,so divine
a fulfilling sense of pride
sparkling in his eyes
the desire to kill again

Another name carved in stone
the joy enfolds
most glorious of nights
when fantasies become reality
an overture to bestiality

Twined in the illusion of
laying tortured souls to rest

Enslaved by a murderous glee
so attuned to others' misery
infected by an entity
of a devil
so sickeningA dream, she was beautiful
She was the most beautiful
She should be the one
She was true, she wife of my king
She who got in me, like this
And my madness is not smaller
Than her beauty
I don't run away after having her
No fear, she was mine
The dream was mine
'Cos noone understood
The judge of blind servants
She was mine
See all around me
Can you understand me?
Speaking beyond the ninth wave
I'll be back
And take what's due to me
Beyond the ninth wave
I know the truth

Guilty!
The judge of blind servants
I'm mad and exiled
In unknown waters

I knife and a wooden coffin
A drift in a black water's sea
She mine. I'll be back
For the end of everything

Thirst and darkness
Screams like an endless echo in
My mind
Hunger and a burning sun
Inside my brain
I'll be back
She's the one
From beyond the border
Of a known world
I'm not to blame
She was starting
I was atonished more&more
But she was me
I'll back to you
Beyond the ninth wave
My madness is not less than my pain
From here
Where you look at me smiling
I have no strenght to move nor to speak
I can still hear you whispering
While my last breath...
I lost it long ago

From here...
Beyond the ninth wave
All that's left to me
Are your screams
In a frame of black waters."The camp is sinking in a Nebular Sea.
Our Mission is at stake.
Thick fog has filled the Chasms,
which blocks our on the Highland.

The Weather is waging War against us.
The Strong Magnetic Fields deflect our Compassess.
We are at the Mercy of Nature..."

The Dawn hailed the Arrival of the Vernal Equinox.
A Sudden Stillness has spread across the Site.
The Raging Storm now seems like a Distant Dream,
As the Rays of the Sun are piercing the Broken Clouds...

"We march towards our Final Destination,
passing among Abyssal Caps and the Cliffs of Icy Blades.
A Temperate Climate is present here,
as we reach the End of this Arctic Mass.
On the Edge we are standing, Hypnotized,
observing a view that is out of this World.
Rare Colds Blasts of Polar Air travel across the Crystal clear Sky.
Hot Steam is rising from Waters, Blue and Green..."I fell for a thousand years 
Down from the sky 
Surrounded by flames 

Into the satanic void 
The prison of fire 
Satan my master now 

Walking corpses surrounding me 
I cannot believe what my eyes have seen 
It is time now for my fate 
For it is death awaiting me 

Into the satanic void 
The prison of fire 
Satan my master now 
Begin the suffering...Blinding sparkles
Of humidity
Every morning,
Since the beginning.
Faded memories kept
Waiting for me.

Sweet childhood,
Dissipating and innocent
Too short to grab it back
Surrounded by a burning sea
Vanished at any dusk.

North, give me hope
Rescue me and forgive me,
Catatonic north, wait for me
Because I wait for you.

Always jealous, always the same
Smiling on spring's eve
You, prowling around madness
Descend one last time

Warm, lovesome winters
They scourged my timid essence
Rotting me until getting me drunk,
Until I reached beauty...
Give me hope,
Rescue me and forgive me,
Catatonic north,
Wait for me
Because I wait for you.Nori din bezna, intunecare ce acopera vazduhul 
Rastimpul bate amenintator 
Piesele de pe tabla de sah 
O iau la goana amenintator 

Vazduhul cu idoli ma priveste 
Ochii se indreapta mai departe inspre colos 
Vantul patrunde brusc 
Si rastoarna totul in calea sa 

Smintit caut fantome in aer 
Le simt ca se revarsa peste cadranul perfect 
In batalia timpului ucigator 
Obida sentimentului nemarginitHumanity will come undone before it can come together.Side C:
1 - Third Prayer 
2 - Si Monumentum Requires, Circumspice
3 - Odium Nostrum
4 - Jubilate Deo (O Be Joyful in the Lord) 

Side D:
1 - Carnal Malefactor
2 - Drink the Devil's Blood
3 - Malign Paradigm(Instrumental)Modern world bliss
We all must fit in
By set social standars
WIth profit as it's targes
It's the human corporation

CUltural imperialism
An invasion of the true self
Expectations beyond reason
Empty words, a call for excellence
The 21st century addiction

Society in distress
Suffering the original trauma
A systemic removal of true energy
Spiritually blind
A tragic loss for the human soul

Who is your god ?
Who is your leader ?
Who owns your soul ?
It's the human corporation !

Existence taken for granted
Driven by big bucks and plastic junk
Endless quest for so-called perfection
Egocentric malediction

The human corporation !A rainy day
A silent procession
Dismayed faces
And empty stares

Beside the cross
A hole in the ground
The preacher tries to speak
But not a word comes out

And now down there he goes
He goes

No sense in praying
The bible - worthless
The one who led you dropped your strings

Now that he saw there's no day without sorrow
Your father threw his life away
You'll have to pray to a new god tomorrow
Think twice about your choice
Because there's no life to borrow
You will pay

The churches raped
The bibles burned
The sup_songs died away
A new one came

And you adore him
Just like before
You give him all you've got but still he calls for more

You see his powers grow
They grow

New holy houses
New sacred books
A new religion built of fear

Now that he saw he can live without sorrow
Your new father made you live to pay
You never know what he'll want from you tomorrow
And nobody cares for the tears that you swallow every day

Come to me my brother
I wash your conscience clean
I am the solution, the fulfilling of your dreams

Soak away your power
Eliminate your brain
All that will be left: A nameless servant for my game

Listen to my sermon
Your mind is where I dwell
Out there on the streets there are a million souls to sell

Fall into dependence
Too late now for distress
Pay for all your sins and make me rich while you confess

I promise you'll live in the sunshine
I promise your dreams will come true
It's all up to youI shut myself in my agony I walk about my body
I look in to the brain there isee a door a rusty look
I'm in vain looking for the key files of used-up paper
Cluster of words thougt of black genius
Merciless foundings nailing my strength on someone
Cross someone else's hands rearing up over my body
I don't know what is it they want
I feel sorry for them don't understand them don't they know
I don't feel pain i wish I could help them for their
Blindness positive lying chanses to negative
Am I an idol I know someday I'll raise add go my way
And they will still be rearings up their hands
I don't care about them they mean to me
A realization of my being as being
My idea should be protected but they don't understand
It I accept their foolish vision I'll become their idol
And somy ideas will be hypertemporal and one day
They'll be perhads even understood
Now: I'll be an idol I'm idol !!UNHOLY COPULATION 
----------------------------------- 
i dip my forefinger in watery blood 
thy impotent redeemer the son of thy god 
the bloods on my hands now i pass on the torch 
reveal thy master i bring you my sword 
with death i shall come on the tip of the blade 
the lord of the light now give me your strength 
they casted me down down to this hell 
our bodies melt togethor are under his SPELL 

KILL the priest SLAY the christ 
only evil takes command 
reeking terror bringing pain 
pure darkness is at hand! 

bringing death from the sky 
satan cast his spells 
lucifer he commands 
send you to where all evil dwells!!!Emily tries but misunderstands
She often inclined to borrow somebody's dreams till tomorrow
There is no other day
Let's try it another way
You'll lose your mind and play
Free games for may
See Emily play

Soon after dark Emily cries
Gazing through trees in sorrow hardly a sound till tomorrow
There is no other day
Let's try it another way
You'll lose your mind and play
Free games for may
See Emily play

Put on a gown that touches the ground
Float on a river forever and ever, Emily
There is no other day
Let's try it another way
You'll lose your mind and play
Free games for may
See Emily playSo let us set the focus on the spendthrift
Before we altar their consciousness
We who keep aloof and alleviate their greed
Through punishment
So bring the needle and reveal them hell far beyond grace
Here comes the injection
Delirious they shiver fast away
Into a space where delusions are broken
By unseen gods who hold a mirror to let them cry
They loath to analyse themselves
They love to criticise all others
Yet they put Life on scales
And ghosts became their Brothers
Lay down your hands on my obliging body
Pure toxic spirit creep into my mind
Impressions of pierced veins
Show me the flame behind
I've laid my hands down on their obliging bodies
And I've decoded the structure of their fear forced enthusiasm
So let ut set the focus on the spendthrift Before we altar their consciousness
We who keep aloof and alleviate their greed through punishment
Lay down your hands on my obliging body
Pure toxic spirit creep into my mind
Impressions of pierced veins
Show me the flame behind
The absolutism of mind burning fire
Formed in the abyss
Forwarded by gods
To govern over fields, over deserts
Where ash reminds on the dearth of intelligence
The dearth of intelligence
Time trickles out of my Eyes
Right into a hideous space
Where assassins fill the bloodglass
To earn their last injection
Of love and impure grace

Wahnsinn verzerrt unser gesicht zu einer entstellten goettlichen fratze
Wisse
Dieser pfad ist giftig und kostet dich das leben
Es gibt keinen ausweg du kannst dein herz nicht retten
Ein letzter schlag noch ehe ich es an meine brust druecke und nichts mehr spuere von deiner angst
Kalte blicke beherbergt mein tempel und vergiftete herzen
Vergiftete herzen liegen dargeboten auf dem altar errichtet dem teufel zu huldigen
Und wir wandern ueber die erde als aspekte Satans
Ja wir sind gekommen um euch alle zu verschlingen

Push them even further 
Thou unfathomable Waves of darkness
Sea of wild but glisten toxic
Drag them into the whirl of light
Yes I already drowned a million times Before
And through my Lifes I have brought them
Relentless total hell(Instrumental)Too far I came
And nothing changed
No reason to search on
Is to be found

The ruin too vast
All is nowhere
And every way
Is leading here

Every step I lost a bit
Now I'm almost gone

Devived
I'm lost by life

Too deep in dust
Made of yesterday

Release me
From despair
That is my everywhere

Qorban: "Unending ashes are the ocean to drown me, 
to douse any spasm of life remaining in this treading corpse, where every step is bringing me deeper into 
this wasted, bottomless world 
uttering 'you don't belong here, 
you are life and the time of life has passed'. 
And I do think my body is slowly and surely giving in, 
when every mile gives birth to more ruin, 
an endless sea of monotony. 
Despite myself, I watch my knees caving in, 
sinking into my grave, welcomed by earth, 
shrouded by storm. 
And I am too drained to ride, too battered, too devived..."

My eyes are veiled
A final time
Yet summoned by a distant glow,
Am I to be born anew?(Instrumental)Deep red, 
Face soaked in blood. 
Black shining leather. 
I fuck you up in sadistic intent. 

Whore 
I plunge into the wastelands of my heart 
And left it there in ruins. 
The sun shines once a lifetime. 

I will leave you in the cold. 
In the dead of the night, 
Black leather and latex Queen, 
A lush of the world. 

The bitter taste of life, 
And the coldness 
of my heart. 

Cunt 
I plunge into the wastelands of my heart 
And left it there in ruins. 
The sun shines once a lifetime.Without your voice I am sightless and alone
Haunted by the memories of a place I once called home
Shadows force their way inside and paint depictions of my grief
I lament for providence but my faith abandons me
Growing cold with every hour of this endless night
The broken wings that expand behind me are incapable of flight

Mired deep within my sullen ruin
Amidst the dust and bereft of your light
Divine hands that crafted your wings
Bind me, hopeless, to my despair
The sands of time, for me, shall fall no longer
This growing darkness I can not escape
Desperate prayers have gone unanswered
I know your Heaven was never in reach

At last, the rain did cease
And a thunderous silence beset me
Grey skies give way
To an aching clarity
You're no longer here
But, I can't forget your face
I need to feel something real
The caress of cold steel
Metallic taste on my tongue
My hands are shaking
But, my senses are numb
I need to feel your pain
I need to know your Heaven is real

Under my own heartbeat
And heavy breath
There is no sound
But, that of time fading away
In these final moments
We are truly alone
Until the silence takes us away
Away from this lifeLast Will And Testament

The parchment of my flesh must break
The winter winds my soul doth take
And all beneath the heavens lies in peace
A world will form and fade away
The crystal dawn of the final day
Breaks upon the shores of death's release

Bring me my flesh and blood
On land, the sky, the sea
And light a raging fire upon the hearth
Gather round 'neath the cloak of time
And drink a toast to these
Our final days upon this Earth!

We made the deserts from the gardens of our youth
We spewed our blackened hearts into the sea
Through darkened skies and poisoned clouds
We blindly grope for truth
We couldn't see the forest for the trees

To my wretched son I leave this gun
To slaughter all your race
For this, the beast you have become
I have no longer taste
And daughter fair with burning hair
The swamp of life be thine
And watch as even the great will mate
With the lowliest of swine
To breed the sons, who'll live in scum
On this your barren land
All my estates, both small and great
Shall fall beneath your hand(Instrumental)top the hill, facing the nightfall
Birds of ill omen are sending me scorn
My heart has stopped aching
Like a skull in a coffin my soul is resting within
Unborn...

In his kingdom of thorns I am one with his horns
Run, baby, run - I am Satans son
For me all love is dead
And the tears that I shed...
Wasted seeds of despair I no longer care

Insane misanthropy is striking my mind
Malicious contempt for all mankind
Murder and suffering I evoke
Gory like a berserk and as steady as an oak

I walk my path in silence
Crossing pain and violence
Beholding you without a sound
Man, a tool of evil unboundStare into the night
Memories of flag staff
Godless the live less
Confirm the blood shed
Confirm the bloodshed

Vertical in slices, moment of the glory
Sacrificial moment, murder thru the youth born 

Stare into the night
Memories of flag staff
Godless the live less
Confirm the blood shed

Private horror violence, shocking to the heart less
The killer has the mind bend, the black pain inhuman 
The black pain inhuman

Stare into the night
Memories of flag staff
Godless the live less
Confirm the blood shed(Instrumental)Ten headed fuck
Defiler of light
Devourer of Gods
Kravyard, indulge
Blessed is this unwanted creature who makes the heavens bleed an the righteous prostate
Pray, worship, hate
O, Emperor of Emperors
O, King of Kings
Bells signal destruction
Extermination of his command
Deities speak unknown languaje
Instigate war and terror
Cannibalism, selfish pleasure
Ravishment, Immorral appeasement
Arrogance, total dominionMolten rock                lays dormant, around a tiny star, As microscopic life forms, approaches                from afar. Traveling infinity, the rock and ice collides, Hostile                possibilities, destruction bringing life. Hurling through the cosmos,                a frozen world of ice Macro amino acids, the building blocks of                life, Contained in basic compounds. The plan for life persists,                To start the evolution, The world where we exist. CHORUS. Build                our world, from this dust. Elements and molecules, why we exist                today. Speed toward our system, a million miles a day. Suspended                in a frozen form, macrobiotics sleep. Colliding with our mother,                evolution's free. So free your evolution, Is this how we came to                be? Bio-approach is the only reason we live. CHORUS.You believe in things that people say to you
But reason is in your mind
Search inside yourself
The reason of your life

Open your eyes and you will see
That the reason will be by your side
So now think and tell me what you see

You control your life and your destiny
What do feel inside?
Open your eyes and you will fly
To the opened sky

Open your eyes and you will see
Beyond illusion and reality
It's time to decide
It's (now the) time for us

The right way is not so far
You can stand on your legs
We will go hand by hand

Look inside at yourself
The mirror of your destiny
This is the right way to walk
On the road of life

Follow your own will never
Follow (after) anyone else
You are the master of your life

There are so many problems in life
And I think it's very egoist
To think that we are
The centre of the universe

Think to people who can't walk,
Think to people who can't see
Think to the suffering
And tell me what is important

Shadows of the night dance in the sky
But I can't see the time
To make a change in our mind
A cold wind is blowing into the night
At this rate, where shall we end up?
It's so easy to lose one's wayGrowing under the protection of the "leaders" and on their own 
Moving in a well created chaos and forcing us to join 
And support this filthy manipulation for erasing our history and past
And abandoning the future, our new generation to become last

The final call for fight and battle have been heard 
But all the brave ones should have said their word
To wake up and fight against this mindless dirty crowd
Taking over and invading us, and coming on our groundBelow the bleeding Mermaids 
Blue thrones the Skull Palace 
Two Tower-Horns, one grinning Gate 
Into these Jaws I'm swallowed 

In pale white Halls of Marble 
Stare Faces carved in Stone 
Parades of sleeping Statues 
So still, but for how long? 

And here all Time is frozen 
And here all Pain is stunned 
These silent Walls just waiting 
For one Drop of my BloodTeacher caught me masturbating underneath the desk
she looked at me and winked her eye said "see you after class"
I heard the school bell ring that told me that the day was done
She called me back and locked the door my lessons just begun

Teacher's pet
Teacher's wet

Sitting down she crossed her legs her skirt crept up her thigh
Feeling something start to rise my thought began to fly
You've been a naughty boy, she said, now that you can't conceal
I'll have to punish you the best way that I feel

Teacher's pet
Teacher's wet

She took my hand and gently placed it in between her thighs
With open legs and heavy breath she slowly closed her eyes
Her flesh was aching and her hands began to stray
One thing that I know for sure, I won't forget today

Teacher's pet
Teacher's wet

Pulled me down forwards her mound, teacher tasted sweet
Sixty-nine - I don't mean lines, this was teachers treat
Played hide and seek with teachers mouth, her lips were warm and wet
Now today I've had my way and teacher won't forget

Teacher's pet
Teacher's wet(Instrumental)I am Leviathan, 
the serpent of the abyss 
the great gentleman of darkness 
In Nomine... 

Balaam, Cimeris Baalberith 
the soul of hell and desire 
Leviathan 

I am Leviathan, the serpent of the abyss 
in the name of Satan I have the power 
The black return of leviathanCaught in a desperate sprint
Lungs bursting to sustain
The monstrosity right behind
Eyes locked in a red tint
Birthed from endless pain
Everything trapped in a grind
Locked in this unmerciful torment
From which escape is prevent

Face first into the snow
Laying there motionless
Hearing the winter howls
Along with the ravens crow
Mind wondering worthless
At the bursts of vicious growls
Apathetic to all that surround
Time for soul to be unbound

The once full corpse, empty
But still something survived
Much greater than thought
Gleaming with that of impurity
A maleficent creature revived
One that has never been fought
Vengeance rung so beautifully
As the beast flew gracefully

Its mind focused upon rage
The blood burns with hate
Eyes locked on the guilty
Deeming to eternal cage
Open be the burning gate
To the souls of the filthy
Their screams echo the land
The pain unable to understand

Welcome to the harvester
For only through death
Will there ever be life
Lied to from the creator
Spoken on worthless breath
Never ending is the strife
For that which must endure
Thus is the path of the pureV1 
Its black,
The hole inside your heart,
It's felt,
The coldness of your soul,
It's all,
Just a pattern to you,
So gone,
I am to be for long,

Ch 
I'm not the one you want,
Left in solitude,
The walking dead, 
Invisible,
So you think you, 
know it all...

V2 
Its black,
The hole you left behind,
Your gone,
On to the next beyond,
It's all,
Something to forget,
No more,
Waiting in vain,

Ch 
I'm not the one you want,
Left in solitude,
The walking dead, 
Invisible,
So you think you, 
know it all...


Invisible, on to the next beyond,
Carry on, with what must be done,
All is not lost, without you,
There will be, another setting sun...Everybody say
"I'm fine"
But the don't know 
That they're lost

When the harm start
To pass of long
But the merciless time
Recover the acumulated

Purulent sex
Of the one bitch 
Deteriorated part 
Deformed hole(Instrumental)Mesmerised

A minds escape
Rejection of reality
Mesmerised
A minds escape(Instrumental)"Demolition Man"

Let me loose, I just got back 
I was pushed and I got dragged 
I tasted mud, I tasted wine 
I've kissed the life I've left behind 
So say I choose to stick around 
I've got news for this here town 
I kick the ball, I catch the bus 
And raise the roof for all of us 

Destination anywhere 
So far gone, I'm almost there 
Can't you see I can't deny 
I'm out of here like I'm on fire 

Living like a caged-up animal, criminal 
Television newsman so subliminal 
Bringing down the walls of wonderland 
Just another highbrow cowboy telling me 
Everything and everyone and all the things I ought to be 
Here I am, your demolition man 

Steal your car and leave a wreck 
Kiss your bride, I cash your check 
And Tyson plus I'm ripped and torn 
Been on the edge since I was born 
I kick the jukebox, change the tune 
I break the bank and jump the moon 
I sink the fleet to catch a buzz 
And raise a glass for all of us 

Destination anywhere 
So far gone, I'm almost there 
Can't you see I can't deny 
I'm out of here like I'm on fire 

Living like a caged-up animal, criminal 
Television newsman so subliminal 
Bringing down the walls of wonderland 
Just another highbrow cowboy telling me 
Everything and everyone and all the things I ought to be 
Here I am, your demolition man 

I'm a beast in space, I'm an acid taste 
I'm a primitive gong stuffed in your face 
It's enough to bring you to your knees 

Living like a caged-up animal, criminal 
Television newsman so subliminal 
Bringing down the walls of wonderland 
Just another highbrow cowboy telling me 
Everything, everyone and all the things I ought to be 
Here I am, your demolition man 
Living like a caged-up animal, criminal 
Television newsman so subliminal 
Bringing down the walls of wonderland 
Just another highbrow cowboy telling me 
Everything and everyone and all the things I ought to be 
Here I am, your demolition manI, 
 Walk through this empty world! 
 Trying to find, 
 Solace in the fact that I have, 
 Left this life! 
 Far beyond my grasp, 
 There's no turning back! 

 We fall into the dark unknown, 
 Our souls, 
 Forgotten! 
 Engrossed, 
 By visions of blind destruction. 
 Past, 
 Conflicts, 
 Cut down in our prime! 
 Past, 
 Struggles, 
 Lost in the fabric of time! 

 The more our bodies decay, 
 Our causes seem to fade! 
 Fade away! 

 Spending eternity, 
 In oblivion, 
 While, 
 The earth, 
 is torn apart, 
 Feeling, 
 A sense, 
 Of hopelessness spread through yourself, 
 The same thing that plagued you from the start!The most terrible scene of blood
Blind followers shocked the world
Limitless cruelty sadistic

Dazed brains, dealy virulence
They gave them a sentence to death
Never any mercy showed their victims

Butchered by their innocence
Defenced with bloody scrawlings
The scariest of the bloody minded

Nor the anguished entreaty was heard
Stabbed bodies strewn on the floor
Multiple stab wounds neck

Blood on the doors and walls
Tortured till death with extremely brutality
Flesh of wombs, drips away

Sickening smell of death
Spreaded terror and crulty
They were to do the devil's business

Stab wounds around
Corpses falling the ground
Souls all eternety
Take all to their dstinyThe Beckoning arrived at the thawing break
Before meadows leave of night mist
Rise of Northland's warm sun
To the court of his being, count of the great abyss
Sent through the darkness of night
The call of his unhallowed summons
Whithered ceatures he fathered
Hideous souls, slaves to the evil hand
To forge from cold winds frozen winter glare
And heated skin shearing blades
Become the darkness our homes built
Fire of utterness destroying our existence
Growth of raw distress in red eyes
Blinded by the dark century of now
Cynical men, forged entirely of shame
Hold eternal strength of shadow and Grimland

And to know the vain destiny
Slithering creatures the children
The church bells ring his unholy call
Known to witches as the
Gesture of his unhallowed summons
Dwelling where no sunlight ever existed
Raise the clement sword blade to mouth
To kiss the demon's lips
Thus the sweat tastes of blood
Gathering horde, his wretched army
Hero in the Emperor's malicious eyeThrice, I walked this path of destitute alone
My heart sinks like a heavy anvil
I arrived too late, nearly redefined
To lure the muses through the unbridled stone.

As I sit here to ponder what is right
I wonder what sorrows 'morrow will bring
When I close my eyes tonight
Will I feel this bitter night's sting?

[Heavy]
It's Midnight in this land of Darkness
As the serpents slither out of their holes
And somewhere amongst the rotting corpses
My fallen brothers' battle cry calls.

The Warrior's Oath I once knew
In Hades realm I will recite it
But now in Constantinople
I alone lead the righteous few.

I bid thee farewell now, forever
To fight the Ottoman hordes
Aside the Orthodox faithful
My bond on this realm do I sever.

As the mothers mourn their beloved sons
Come tomorrow will Hagia Sophia still stand?
Will I hear the prayers of the nuns?
Will there be a city left to defend?

I hear the raindrops drain the night
I see the stars clash with might
The treThey rode fast from the east
Through the night and through the mist
Conquering our pagan land
With shinny swords and strong fist

Such evil could not be foreseen
The people claim shattered within
They were large in numbers indeed
Strongest we could not have been

Blood has been shed here today
Hideous scent! Our hope led astray
They burnt our memories, burnt our belongings
They have destroyed all in their way

Left to their own doom they will be in the end
Such impiety they cannot amendPassion from blood, carved to flesh
From a soul's mirror, dawn distorts
How can one feel deeper
when cursed to eternity
Crown ov darkness, world's dominion

Three sixes and the Beast is rising
In water and on dry land
For some of us, all spells submission
And for some, fanaticism
Is there even a dozen on either side
who could see the God of the other

My forms are many
Said He whom we serve with devotion
In these all shall you see perfection 
Said the prince of this world

Six times my crown will rise,
six times you are cursed
Six times my soul redeemed.
As the eye closes...

Crown and the chalice,
united by the unchanging darkness
Death whose breath
already withers my skin
Crown ov darkness
- Among the dregs of this devastated worldInto the abyss i see
The one embracing me
Lord, circle is complete
Light, will have it's defeat

Bless my eyes
With all its beauty
My eyes are blind
To it's mystery

Dark shadows around me
Chills are all i feel
Shadows, it seems to be
The one is following me

Bless my eyes
With all it's beauty
All will be,
Dark when you die!!!(Instrumental)(Instrumental)BROKEN, THE FLAME IN THE SKY 
SEA AND RIVER ARE BLOOD.
NOW THE CLAN IS UNITED 
LOOKING AT EACH OTHER, AND OTHER.
THE GUIDE RAISES HIS HAND AND HIS CANE,
HIS FACE REFLECTS THE WISDOM OF YEARS.
THE WIND BLOWS AND HE COMMANDS TO BEGIN THE SACRIFICE,
AND THE STONES GET ILLUMINATED IN THAT MOMENT.
ALL MEN UNITE THEIR HANDS, ELDERS AND YOUTH.
IT IS THE SAME BLOOD WHICH RUNS IN THEIR VEINS.
"I DO IT FOR THE EARTH, FOR THE SUN AND THE MOON,
FOR THE FIRE, AND THE RAIN THAT HAS TO COME".
EACH FATHER AND SON, FEEL THE EVENT.
RESPECT AND PRIDE, WHILE HE SINGS.
OAKEN SHIELDS DEFEND, EVEN THE MOUNTAINS.
IN EACH SEASON, THEIR ROOTS GET STRONGER.
MANY GUIDES WILL SEE BIRTH AND DEATH,
ONLY THE FIRE OF THE GODS WILL ENDURE IN TIME.Out here alone - these shades of grey my only friend
Ooh I've lost everything - I see what loneliness can bring
I've come full circle

I had it all - always standing tall
Thought I'd never fall, then I ran right into the wall
I followed my dream until one day it seemed
Things were breaking down - bad times all around
Looks like we're good to go - (go!)

I took the blame, got on the plane
And flew as far away as Spain
No one can stop me, don't bother to try
I'm winning

You pushed away from me it's plain to see
No heart, no sympathy, no choice I set you free
You cut me down - I went straight underground
But I turned things around and I'll never be your clown
Again

I took the blame, got on the plane and flew away

(I'm doing it again) I've come full circle
I've come full circle (with you) (again)

Out here alone

(I'm doing it again) I've come full circle
I've come full circle (with you) (again)Somewhere inside, in enigmatic depths we lost that what could be called paradise. 
Nostalgia of lost perfection remains in beams of stars - prison of the gods. 
Alien Nature cast shadows which eclipses this lights increasingly for our eyes.

Now creator's role is in hands of the parasite who has turned back evolution 
On way of mechanical outrages, all values underwent total substitution. 
Essence of the real things was re-fathered in the image and likeness of Him...

No future and no hope...

Dead Universe continues to expand up to the parallel and opposite worlds. 
It continues to blemish beauty and purity of forever lost Nonexistent Flower.it breaks right through the vein to find a pathway to the bloodstream
an accepting heart rejects compassion, an open mind embraces fear
just loosten up your grip, i know control can be addictive
are you afraid of what you'd see if you looked into a mirror?

bow down now or cease to be
this gift that God gave to me
live face down until you see
that sacrifice will set you free

feeding them trust so that they swallow
abusing their faith so that they follow
you've reached out to fill with hope, but instead you've made them hollow
you think i'm mad for all i've seen, you'd better pray, 'cause God gets angry like me

bow down now, trapped underneath
this gift that God gave to me
live face down until you see
that ours is the only way to be

i hold more contempt for your breed of sheep
than all the goats in the world, or what they believe

you think you're chosen
you think he put you in charge of me
that's not his voice speaking through you
so stop trying to make me dance with loose strings

this hole was once the world i knew
take a step back or sink in through
swallowed up, made to believe
to trust in what i cannot see
let the tangled web of lies expand
while you place your head under the sand
cough it up or breathe it in
the end is where we all begin
now take this weary hand of mine
close your eyes, become inclined
i'll walk you down the path of life
and i'll show you the holiest way to die

my eyes are open

my eyelids are peeled apart
new currents stir my mind
born with this gift of thought so that we'd not believe the lieAmong Graves

 I was among graves in my dreams
In claws tearing veins
I saw Her passing,
In the dead leaves, falling

A red Moon rose tonight
My dreams haunted me again
Living and dead died inside
My desires washed the damn

I felt then, i won't be glad any more
The pain bit into my soul, i followed you...

The game was over, the endless was open
And crows covered my rotting body...Plague oh unnerving plague!
Swift and vast, the sway of desert winds, buring a dearth upon the foreheads of thine brethren
A drought sickening the lands
With hordes of locusts devouring the height of man
Locusts armed with the swords of your fallen fathers
Fathers whose blood washed the soil as the desert winds swept clean and scorched the earth
A purification curse of blood, of fire, of death!
An eradication of those who came before thee by those who have yet to come...
A plague of war driven by the chariots of immortals yet to be born...
Words as weapons in the unleashed deluge of battle
Uttered to wage the war of extinction
To turn the tides of those who conquer the earth by colossal, ever-purging waves of genocide
To return the world to what it has yet to have been...
Unleash the dogs of war who lead the immortal chariots
Wolves of fire, fuming volcanic fury
Burning the true cross
Destruction of the holy sepulchre
A pestilence of armageddon
Upon the holy land, the curse has been cast...(Instrumental)As a mirror so clear you are. 
You posess all colours. 
In you I see this mighty warrior. 
No fear, no regrets. 

With you side by side, 
I shall kill all. 
In you I see this mighty warrior. 
No fear, no regrets. 

I may only drink of your wine. 
You are only of mine. 
The purity of nature I see. 
This shall not be for thee. 

In the night, when all light's faded, 
you are darker than my darkest dreams. 
You hold so many secrets fading when time is passing by. 

Troops are standing by my side. 
For me they shall die. 
For I posess the fluid of life. 
My synergistic power is not to be affected. 

Many lives have ended. 
For defending the source of the dark. 
Blood has flown, lives have ended. 
My will was strong, I have survived. 

In the night, when all light's faded, 
you are darker than my darkest dreams. 
You hold so many secrets fading when time is passing by. 

Visions of dead dance before me. 
You are gone, I am weak. 
My blood flows slow through my veins. 
For my time, my time has come. 

Visions of dead dance before me. 
You are gone, I am weak. 
Tears of blood burning on my face. 
Forever, forever, forever!(Instrumental)Baso ilunaren barnealdean
euriz bustitako irrintzi urrutiak entzuten dira.
Herri baten samina adierazten duten
kondairak kantu bihurtuak.

Zuhaitzen enborrak basoaren zaindari bihurtu dira
gudariak bailira, gudariak bait dira.

Behin jaiotzen ikusi zituen ama lurrak,
bere seme alabak.

Mendiaren magalean sutan dirauen elizak
nortasunaren ateak ditu zabaldu,
indarrean dagoen kristautasunak
heriotzera eraman nahi gaitu.

Airean zabaldutako kedarrak
garaipenaren mezua eramango die herri anaiei.(Instrumental) 

	(Dedicated in memory of the composer "Richard Wagner")Born into this illusion 
a product of humanity's design 
man is but a slave 
believing they are free 
praying and begging 
for direction 
to their fictitious gods 
blind to which is truth 
they fall to their knees 
there's no eternity nor heaven 
even stars must die 
the only cure 
for this vile disease 
eradicate piety 
and zeal for the holy 
as they wade through 
this filth polluting their minds 
they bind themselves 
in chains of deceiving faith 
man is but a slave 
believing they are free 
praying and begging 
for direction 
to their fictitious gods 
blind to which is truth 
they fall to their knees 
there's no eternity nor heaven even stars must die 
search for god 
you will find nothing 
pray to the skies 
and never be heard 
cling to faith 
and waste your life 
stay on your knees 
be a slave to lies 
they wear their weakness around their necks 
exclaim their deception 
to all that will hear 
their words bear weight 
on minds of fools 
depraved codes that 
enslave the world 
plead all you will 
silence is your reality 
thirst for god 
and die exsiccated 
man is but a slave 
believing they are free 
praying and begging 
for direction to their 
fictitious gods 
blind to which is truth 
they fall to their knees 
there's no eternity nor heaven 
even stars must dieTake a look at my brand new car
If you like let's go for a ride
Go far away where we'll never be found
Let's ask for trouble all year round

The roar of engine, the smell of fuel
There's no one here but me and you

	Let's choose the longest road that's ever been made
	Let's see the unknown places, it won't go to waste
	Even if we had to eat at greasy spoon
	Let's go so far away, make dreams come true


It's just like a shot in the dark, so what?
At least we're sure we didn't miss the boat
There's no rush, we can take our time
Why the hell would we toe to the line?

The taste of wind, the smell of fuel
Still there's no one here but me and you

	Let's choose the longest road that's ever been made
	Let's see the unknown places, it won't go to waste
	Even if we had to eat at greasy spoon
	Let's go so far away, make dreams come trueOne day it struck him straight from the sky
In solitary slumber his mind 
Begins to conjure a master plan
A war on life

Blessed by the black gift his journey begins
A mentor of malevolence seeking his kinship
Upon first contact it all was foretold
Seeking more minds he will sculpt and will mold

Murder
The smell of blood begins to seep through the walls
Killer
Over the motionless bodies with pride he stands tall

(They take your pride away from you expecting 
life to go on as if nothing had occured)

One after another they follow his lead
Unrelentless with hatred cruelty and greed
He said this all was for the cause
Seeking direction but only a pause

Labeled the enemy
Heartless inside
Nothing can make my hatred subside
Crys for forgiveness will fall on deaf ears
For I am the cause of the greatest of fears

Trapped in confinement
Alone day and night
But that doesn't mean I won't put up a fight
Crimes to commit with a smile on my face
You may take my body but never my place(Instrumental)After Tailtin, the Tuatha 
Were without a place to remain. 
Manannan created a new home, 
Among the hills and valleys 
Of Ireland hidden, 
That no man could see through 
But pass through. 

The Tuatha were assembled 
In the halls in council. 
"We need a king to be over us" 
The Tuatha did say. 
Bring forth those 
Who would be fit to be king. 

From the White Field Lir 
Of Sidhe Fionnachaidh 
From Ilbrech of Ess Ruadh, 
Bodh Dearg of the Dagda born 
From Bri Leith, Midhir the Proud, 
And Angus Og, Son of the Dagda. 

The Circle formed in the great halls 
And the Council of High Men 
They did gather, 
For the sake of the Dagda and the Tuatha de Danann 

Bodh Dearg must and will be king. 
WILL BE KING 

Leaving the halls for his enchanted Home in Sidhe Femen, 
The Tuatha raise their spears 
And shields in glory to him. 
The war drums echo to 
The chants of the druids 
And men and women of the Tuatha, unite! 

In his hall of Brugh na Boinne 
Bodb Dearg he is king, 
Along the hillside and the valleys, 
The winds whip through the plains, 
In his throne and in his halls, 
Celebration claims into the night. 
The Dagda on the hill 
Looking at the KING. 
His son! 
His son!I'm evil, sinful and proud man with a cruel heart
My guardian angel looks at me and he departs
He`s crying like a little boy for my misdeeds
I hurt him in his holy heart, and break his wings

My Guardian Angel forgive me for all
I'm killing and tormenting our crying soul
I'm evil, a sinful man in all this world

But one day I'll take my cross and go to a shameful death
Alone, alone with us is our holy faith

"What has been will be again,
what has been done will be done again" (Ec. 1:9)

I got dirty in the mud, I want to be free
And in my soul became dark, I want to be healed
My angel saw the light that shone forth in me
He stopped crying and came back to be with me

My Guardian Angel forgive me for all
I'm killing and tormenting our crying soul
I'm evil, a sinful man in all this world
Embrace me, support me, I don't want to fall

But one day I'll take my cross and go to a shameful death
Alone, alone with us is our holy faith

"What has been will be again,
what has been done will be done again" (Ec. 1:9)

"Utterly meaningless!
Everything is meaningless" (Ec. 1:2)

But one day I'll take my cross and go to a shameful death
Alone, alone with us is our holy faith(Instrumental)(Instrumental)09 - There's no Peace For no One Flesh

I forsaken my home, I abandoned my inheritance,
I gave the beloved of my soul in the hands of my
Enemies, turned my inheritance for me as a lion in
The forest, arouse his voice upon me, for this me fight...
Upon every high desert places came destroyer cause
War lord sword, devours from an earth extreme until
Another, there's no peace for no one flesh...
There is no peace for no one flesh , my enemies will be
Punished by death, they'll be devoured by the lion of
The forest, lion of Judah, great armies lord, arise his
Voice and roar to destroy...
But thou oh lord know me, thou see me and proof my
Heart, send them like sheep's to the killing, and prepare them
To the slaughter day... And I was like a lamb which they
Bring to the killing; they imagined traps against me,
Saying: Cut him from the land of the living and will there
No more memory of his name... But thou oh armies lord
Which proofs the thoughts of my heart, see I thy vengeance
Upon them, the young will die by sword, their sons and
Daughters will die for hunger.Virgin Revisioned: an Anti-prayer
by The Abbess of Abjection

 Everything revives in the castle of murders
Hordes slaughtered by the sword of the word
Blood in the chalice 
Seed of the host
Cunt of the lord

Hail Mary, full of piss, the whores 
are with us.  Blessed is the flesh
of carnal knowledge, the body 
entered by the senses.  Unhallowed 
crown of chasteness, may your thorns 
turn to rapes that you may taste
your wettest martyrdom.

Hail Mary, full of lust, the gore 
is with us.  Blessed is the rot 
of your wound, Jesus, the womb 
teeming with maggots.  Unhallowed 
saint of frigidity, may your hands
turn to serpents that you may 
fuck yourself to divinity.

Hail Mary, full of shit,
breed with us now
and at the hour
of our climax
that you may join us
on earth in life's fluids
and thereafter
in death's
spread endlessness.
AMEN!Life Has Meaning , Downcast
Not Hard To Be Mad
There Is No Way
Not Mad Is Butterfly
Candle With Out , Butterfly Is Art
Who,s Burn The Candle In Soul It Hasn't Butterfly
Who's Has Cry For Burning The Life Candle
Burning For Blind To Has See
It's Mad , If The Candle Silent
If The Sage Is Die , DowncastExcessive euphoria form's
Luxury and unbridled fashions
At the sign of superfluos
They want to hide the pains of people

Life and death
Lights, shades
Wishes and victims
Huge social differences

Struck by unreal visions
Exaggerated news to their liking
You can never close your eyes
To the different reality

Their sufferings don't exist

Meanwhile around the world
Spreads egoism, injustice is increasing
Difficult situation and crisis of identity
Conscience's sake in the soul
Unemployment, confused youth on the way
What they are sure are illusions

The pains and needs are inventions of man
The pains and needs are inventions of man

Communication, exhibitionism, advice
And tangles to mingle everyday

Atrocity and boosting to alternate
In short time to mix

A mixture to emotion that frighten
The mind

This habit makes people
Listening careless

Excessive euphoria
Want to wipe out evidence
Meanwhile exploitation
Abuse to power exist

Impression for the street
Different from ideal proposed
Influenced working
By flare of consumption

Hiding the pains you don't resolve the troubles
For some business some questions don't exist
Perfumes, laughing faces still the spasm
Don't believe in your experience

Don't believe in your life
Extinguished flare in the light of reality
Man's indecision is increasing
To incline to confusion

Struck by unreal visions
Exaggerated news to their liking
You can never close your eyes
To the different reality

Their sufferings don't existThere before the rising sun
In twilight ravens wings are drawn
Thought sent out to horizons edge
Memories of the words of men

-"With dusk brings the end of day, while the last fragments of light remain
Silhouettes disappear in growing night
No sight nor sound of two birds flight"

While he sits alone with closed eye
Lucid dreams fill his mind
Evening falls on golden halls
It's time to wing their way home
Ravens whispers now have ceased
With it silenced beating wings
With no return from horizons edge
All is lost of the words of menYeah!
Osculum Obscenum!
Slowly... I taking few the ? to hear
I will... i will...
Waking up your fire... with hate.

That holy day
?
... figure
Black Soul
water into wine...
?
?

Osculum... Obscenum!
Satan... hear me!

Taking up her suffering
to give him
Take her spirit threw skin
? take you higher
I see her soul
? levitation

Rape her... in blood
Hail... Satanas!
Yeah!

Osculum... Obscenum [2x]Come My Dear
You Seem To Like My Crypt
It Mesmerizes You
I Can Hear Blood Is Flowing Through You
I Want To Taste It

Come And Be My Bride
Your Innocence Is Your Gift To Me
I Want To Drawn My Teeth
In Your Neck
...tonight
Oh Don't You Be Afraid
I Want Hurt You
I'll Give You Most Precious Thing
IMMORTALITY 
And Eternal Love
LUST

Soon You'll Be Undead
Your Lust Shall Be Fulfilled
And With Your True Father
You Shall Forever
BE

Your Blood And Tears
Melt With My Semen
The Moon Is Rising
For The First Time
My Dear Child
You Have Become
The Hunter
Of MankindHow can you accuse the day before daybreak
Every smile you haven't seen might be yours
Severalt times it was suited to bring out luck maybe
And now hours have lost their weight
Till now the laugh has start to fade
As long as you walk as long as you look
You'll see nothing than the reflection of things which aren't
what they should be
And every step behind the mark is a reminder of your destiny
Your on your knees a nation is praying to the gods of faith
Don't realize what they have done by acting
The paradise of merchandise is sold out
Selfdenial/Selfdetermination which you never find on shopping channel
To take and to give means to become realityNiteny aho nanatra anao
Ny ho avinao ny hahasoa anao
Niezaka aho nanao izay azo atao
Tsy nijery izay naha olona

Fony mbola kely ianao
Tsy mba nanana mpiahy niahy anao
Toy ny tany efitra ny fonao
Tsy mba nisy nitia namboraka anao ??

Nony efa tonga saina ianao
De niteny iaho hoe izao indray atao
Tohizo hatrany ny fianaranao
Mba hahatonga anao olomendrika

Nony lehibe ianao
Dia nisy olona iray izay
Namboraka fitia taminao
Tsy tsapanao anefa fa
Fitia hafahafa
No sady ihany koa
Fitia hafahafa
No sady ihany koaA Reflection of an Atrocious Paradox
I have been summoned by the changes of energy! To annihilate the balance of the galaxies. The primordial black hole has risen, to travel through the portals of rakshasas.
For I hold the key of salvation. The deities that defied me are extinct. The true course to eternity is through me and by me. I am the one who shines the light of calamity.
Dethroned gods and abandoned towers clear signs of my kindness. Shattered frequencies of a demonic kind, have forged my conjuring mirrors.
A Reflection of an Atrocious Paradox
Empirical chaos and galactic astasia shall raise the fires to cleanse the temples. My griffin-demon has brought me my Grimoire to invoke the alpha of eradication.
I have come back from the void of creation, to bring you the fall of your gods, the antiparticle of legend. I am the judge and the impaler of your existence and your macro cosmos.
The elements are attracted to the regions of my cosmic hell, clashing with each other and conjuring the wonderers and princes of the void.
Megalithic structures are gleaming with my hate and the forces are converging into me. Time and space have shifted and the birth of an atrocious paradox is at hand from now until the end.
I intend to reach all the farthest planes of the interstellar Hells and to claim the absolute value of an imperial conquest. And establish the true meaning of this atrocious paradox.(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)I am the freedom of a shining star 
 Wounded by chance as I dance away through time 
 Voluptuous orgy! Destroyer of the light 
 Descending, descending upon me like the night 
 I am the sound of a black wind 
 With deafening silence and violence unseen 
 I revel in filth and drink from the unclean 
 I am the wolfish. I rise from below 
 With hammer blow will and eyes to the sun 
 my act of creation has only just begun 
 I write with blood from my open wounds 
 to see the dawn of change 
 From deep in the night comes the moment 
 dissenting to reason: so clear, so strange 
 With movements unseen to the animal instinct 
 we fold like cut off heads 
 Surrender to evil and will the silence 
 that words must always betray 
 I see it! I see it! It comes from below 
 With courage unshaken it reaches above 
 to reap what it has sown 
 This madness surely commands 
 myths of its own 
 The wounds it has opened 
 shall never be closed 
 and for this I must now go(Instrumental)(Instrumental)At the end of the fall
A childs screams pierce the night
The unwanted son crawled out from her cunt
Taking his first breath of life
The spawn of evil opens his eyes
And his mother saw a glimpse
Of the future to come
And in fear was she of his
Original sin so she whipped him
With the teachings of christ

A godfearing lunatic
With a definite conviction to sin
Inflicting beliefs upon her son
With the whip of the book
And the words of God
No godsent child!
Born in the shadow of the horns
Bearer of the mark

Another fall another time
His thoughts are now
Stained with blood
In blood she drowns
As he stabs the bitch to her knees
Her cold dead eyes seduces his flesh
No tears are shed
As the mounts her corpse

Her pale skin cold stained with seed
He flays her corpse to kee her smile
Bitch defiled!!!

Stalking the dead
Cloaked by the dark clouds
That hangs from the skies
The lid lies open
Revealing the virgins hollow corpse
Dismembered and scattered
Her carcass constitutes his art
In a violent discreation
To praise the lord Jesus Christ

He blesses and blasphemes
The carnal temples he holds so dear
Forever bound to worship deathApri agnello sette sigilli
Sette viventi parleranno
Mors fame et pest
Spade et fiere nex faranno

Parte degli uomini distrutti verranno
Il sole et luna color del sangue
Sette angeli molti uccideranno(Instrumental)I decline April's fall
High time to refine and vacate
Still I'll miss such listless bliss
This path was the last recourse

Lucid hopes
Chaos merchants
Mingling thus
Socialise this conscience
Dream that dream
Spirits will employ
The slaughterhouse to guide you here

Nexus to hollow lies
Jaded is the ocean view
Redefine your anodyne
The company profits today

I imbibed
Every drop to survive
To keep alive
Lifeless wills that I scribed
Elucidate
When the depths take my hand

Blinded by the moment I claimed this mire
A refuge from amentia and an epoch of desire
Labouring alone beneath the mirror of the sky
Transcend this foul elixir
The firmament is nigh
I won't concede I am a relic of the damned

I have scribed
Every word to survive
To keep alive
Lifeless drops I've imbibed
Elucidate
When the depths free my hand

Blinded by the moment I claimed this mire
A refuge from amentia and an epoch of desire
Labouring alone beneath the mirror of the sky
Transcend this foul elixir
The firmament is nigh
I won't concede I am a relic of the damned

Time conceives you like a tide within the ocean's eye
All the power of a winter in the desert skyhe's here like a prowler feeling himself to be the best
walking as a tracker in his stricky dress
he's here in the jungle going on his fate
on through the traps, lost in the shades
he only walks on, he's still alone
but he's waiting for his victim of the day 

don't meet the tiger on his way, he's danger, he's the hunter
don't meet the tiger on his way, he's danger, he's the hunter 

here comes his enemy, ready to the fight
he'll win for the glory 'til the end of the night
we're in the jungle, the place where we must hide
to survive 'cause he's born to be wild
he only walks on, he's maybe gone
so beware, you're his victim of the day 

he's here like a prowler feeling himself to be the best
walking as a tracker in his stricky dress
he's here in the jungle going on his fate
on through the traps, lost in the shades
he only walks on, he's still alone
but he's waiting for his victim of the dayI have forsaken in enter of being
Find me, who am I?
Do you know me?
Maybe a stranger know this depress man
Do you hear me?
Maybe a unknown body hear my voice
In this grave of life
Im waiting for die
In this grave of life
I share my loneliness with ants
time by time near to the deathLife is deceiving while death is revealing 
The mystic forces in the soul
Mind is receiving the certain dark feeling
The murderous sources of the ghoul

Life is the enemy while death is the sacred key
To absent sights that recall
Dimensional tyranny enslavement in cruelty
In darkness one float or one fall

To the abyss' morbid enigmas

Far beyond the earthly grave
Soul betakes to drift astray
Infinite horizons of pale gray skies
A still born heart within there lies

The sanctuary that once was lost
Is streaming endlessly in holocaust
The astral corpse is still pulsating
In a mirage asylum awaiting

The final destination, the ultimate denomination

In limbonic life I've slept
Dreamt that cryptic seals me kept
Sheltered from all visual sight
Cause shadows chased every sign of light
Awakened from an ancient slumber
Recalled to act of strife
My spirit old any my body cold 
Remains in dark demise

Immortally beloved am I to dying
And the whispering of secrets to my soul
I am born to sing this sorrow
Evil has no rest in me

The invisible addiction of darkness, emptiness
And the ghastly silence...devours

Deathtrip to a mirage asylum

Cut the string the chain to soil
Unleash the powers within deaths coil

No darker emotion is there to find
Than the fading feeling of a dying kind 

Deathtrip to a mirage asylum

In limbonic life I've slept 
Dreamt that cryptic seals me kept
Sheltered from all visual sight
Cause shadows chased every sign of light

In the light of my personal sacrifice
In the shine from the ruins I testify
Far more savage the spiritual vulture
In the light of my personal sacrifice
In the shine from the ruins I sanctify
Unto the valley of the shadows of death(Instrumental)Under a silent Winter moon
And promises sworn to the wind
Frost dominates the northern lands
As rivers of blood flow across them
The deserted villages, burned and laid waste
Breed an existential void (in the wanderer)
And shivers shake his whole body
Yet memories (of fear) push his mind towards hate

The way he walks was torn apart from life
The fog hides the horizon from his gaze
Death under the embrace of the shadows

Welcome to the valley of death
This is what your eyes do perceive
Once you have entered there

Thirteen roses scream for the life
Seven pigs burn in the flame
Six dogs show me the evil
Three impaled men cry their past

My second half lies there
On the border between life and death
On the thin line beneath the twilight
The land of eternal slumber
My destiny, the gravestone - my heart
On the way the cloak caresses the snow
The end of the forest, shadows are near
My steps are about to take me through
The valley of death
The battlefield that lies beneath my feet
Has corpses of barbarian warriors as flowers

A glance towards Apocalypse...

In a cold and desolate earth
Imbued with pain and desperation

Here befell the atrocious conflict
Without truce, without rest, without mercy
Thousand men died in a single day
Around me there's nothing but devastation

Welcome to the valley of death
This is what your eyes do perceive
Once you have entered thereFaded in oblivion, as darkness slept,
embraced by dusk, a veil of conspiracy.
scratching at twilight's shores,
while grace decayed, freezed by sobriety.

Through misty long lost times,
it surveyed an endless, growing wideness
garnished with perfidious welling glory,
cruelty ruled, a triumph of senselessness.

"Seize hell's darkwinds and let them crash on these planes,
shake the dusty ground, devour all their bitter lifes.
Damn virginity and paint sin in its colour.
So might will fall and my star shall rise !!"

A filthy laughter drowned the storm,
as the black wizard, robed in evil passion,
summoned the beast, awaking fate's temper.
mortal souls cried, mantled by spiritual fire.

Just one spell to devour the day, a ban to bring darkness.

So winding in damnation,
ignorance slept a restless sleep.
Dreaming of vengeance,
thirsting for traitor's blood.

Cause Revenge will chain the pity soon
and the lost kingdom will be reborn.The world I dream is like me
At every corner - no purity
Single perversion spreads it's command
Nothing's forbidden - nothing at all

"Flowing man's white seed
Falling leaves on animals and women
The old man - the child
Over all whores of Medina"

My world - where there are no boundaries
For love - no boundaries for pleasure
To enjoy is to live
For men and animals

River, flow free
River, flow free

"Nobody will be saved
All children and whelps - it's time to learn
Sinners within - slowly
Over all whores of Medina"

River, flow free
River, flow freeWandle durchs Geschehen, wo ich bin ist Chaos,
bin auf der Suche nach der Stille, 
doch fehlt mir der inn're Wille,
wenn ich erschein', so ist es mit der Ruhe aus. 

Ich eile immer schneller, greller wird mein Schein,
was ich nun sehe und erlebe, (ich) erbebe, ist mein Sein! 

Ich sehe Zank . . . Neid, 
erlebe inn're Einsamkeit,
bekannt sind Mord und Selbstmord mir,
an Stell' von Ehrbarkeit steht Selbsthort hier. 

Bin auf der Suche nach der Stille,
mich zu finden ist mein Wille!Do you live your life in god's filth?
Or do you live according to Him?
Do the codes of man please you?
Or do you lead a life of "sin"?
Do you find pleasure in the rising sun?
Or do you curse the day it all begun?
Do you understand humanitarian ways?
Or do you feel the urge to destroy?
Do you feel like you are home?
Or are you only a visitor?
Do you look into the stars filled with awe?
Or do you will to ascend above?
Do you wish to be loved?
Do you care?
Or does your hatred feed your strength?
Do the cosmic laws apply to you?
Or is the ALL of CHAOS for you?What the hell is that smell.
Fucking odor makes me puke.
Sitting here on my couch.
Looming odor, what the fuck?
Open the door to reveal,
The burning bag with the smell.
Flaming bag of dog shit.
Holy shit I don't believe it.Satanic armies of immortals,
Burning the soul of terra mater,
The last planet untouched
By the soldiers of Hell.
Demons and gouls attack,
Raping holy ground.
Walking serpents spitting venom,
Beast on wings brings death from above.
Rats and vermins spreading disease,
Undead spirits reaping souls.
Your earth is wrapped in cemetery fog,
The only light is hellfire,
Another planet strangled by darkness.
Spinning dead around its core,
Satanic armies of immortals
Burned the soil of terra mater.
The last planet touched,
By the soldiers of Hell.
Demons and gouls attacked,
a now deseased planet.(Instrumental)Chaos Syndrome

Within the space of time the life extincts
Fire devours everything which lives
The wind is too strong to spell a word
Only emptiness and misery around
Before the day will dawn the chaos shall remain
Chaos which reigned and destroyed
The sun shall burn itself with its own fire
Only the night and the moon shall lit the ashes
The life has ceased, it was only shit!There is a mist that chokes the land.
The waves attack. Relent.
The skies attack,
they come, relentless.I have glimpsed the future in flames
A future so dark and grim
As the forces of creation will perish
Creation's light in growing dim

Mankind's fate is written in stars
Stars that will wither and die
A breath of darkness falls heavy on the world
Make us all at one with the night

We welcome the ageless reign of darkness
Rotting roots at the tree of life
The skies of the end will be as black as night
The sun will be turned into darkness,
and the moon into blood

Where time has ceased to be

Unfold the age of fire
Let Cosmos burn in the raging flames of hate

Forgotten pathways
Doors to eternity opens wide
Foundations of the mundane sphere
has shattered and died

On freezing winds of death and damnation
we will ride side by side
Into realms of eternal night
Where reality and time has ceased to be
Where the dark lord who sees mankind as prey
is unleashed

Where time has ceased to be

The violent rapture of the blissful endThe dead in Christ shall arise first...
For the Lord keeps his word and faithful promises!
No more shall the enemy torture our brothers..
Sin will pass away!
And every knee will bow to him!

The dead in Christ shall arise first,
for He is worthy and victory is ours!Why do I have to carry so much hate?
Never believing in what I do

My world falls apart
What direction to follow?
Lost and confused
All hope is gone
Sick of the lies
This anger within myself( INSTRUMENTAL )
SONS AND DAUGHTERS OF GOD
IN FORTH THE FINAL VICTORY OF TIME
CRUSH THE HEAD OF SATAN
ALL HAIL THE LORD JESUS CHRISTMay not get through this
May not survive
Collapsing slowly
This weeping mind
Soul full of holes
And the loss of self control
Containing stories
All those untold stories
About a soul full of holes
And the loss
Of self controlLords of darkness and of the kingdom of death 
Of what is rotting and decaying 
Hear my call and my blasphemous prayers 
May the walking dead rise 

In your name sacrifice has been done 
Thousand times the sacred knife has struck 
On your altar has been shed 
Pure and innocent blood

 I summon the old souls 
Go back to your last resting place 
Have your righteous revenge 
On those whose the heart is beating
Leave your grave and your dusty burial vault 
To walk in the sun 

Open the gates 

A freezing wind rise suddenly 
As rustling and scratching surround me 
Emaciated hands are pushing the soil 
As stripped of flesh corpses free themself from the ground 

Look at my sons 
Hellfire burns deep in their sockets 
Obcess by a necrophiliac and cannibalistic hunger Wriggling maggots rush in their veins 

March of the walking dead 

Boundless is the power of the necromancy 
As will be the number of my swarm of undeads Soon I'll let them on the world 
And the living will be my slaves 

Limping and strumbling, 
crawling and dragging themselve 
They are slowly coming up to you 
My mind has made them alive and starving 
Ready to serve and desirous to kill 
They will be the incarnation of my wrath 
Sublime perverted souls 

Walk, children of the nether regions
I free you from the chains of death 
Follow me towards your first meal 
To wallow in blood 

Limping and strumbling,
crawling and dragging themselve 
They are slowly surrounding you 

The first creatures appear at the horizon 
Groaning hideously 

Limping and strumbling, 
crawling and dragging themselve 
They are slowly clutching at you 

Atrocious and dreadfull monsters 
Fiends escaped from hell 

People try to flee from the repulsive cadavers 
But the undeads are thousands 
Smell of putrefaction fills the air 
As cries of terror and of entreaty echoes 

Victims are overrun and cut to shreds 
As the ghouls devour their flesh 
The smell of decay is gradually hidden 
By the odour of fresh blood 

Insane, greedy, gory saraband 
What a pleasure and a delight 
I summon the new souls 
Stay in your slashed corpses 
Have your righteous revenge
 On those who didn't help you 
Stop laying in your gore 
And join all my sons 

The gates are gaping 
A freezing wind rise suddenly
As rustling and scratching surround me 
Emaciated hands are pushing the soil 
As stripped of flesh corpses free themself from the ground 
Look at my sons Hellfire burns deep in their sockets Obcess by a necrophiliac and cannibalistic hunger Wriggling maggots rush in their veins 

March of the walking 

dead Boundless is the power of the necromancy As is the number of my swarm of undeads Now they walk on the world And the living are my slavesas all pain will go away I know I will follow
to your gods I will never pray nor your idols Hollow
yes, I think you are stumbling blind
lost in a world you are unable to see
you are a child of this wayward time (time)

it is hiding dark as pitch black cole
et surely past lies must unfold
crusaders still save the pagan souls

in the annals of the past hide yet other secrets
as the present transforms and rests we still live in the aftermath
but if Germans had won the war
or the Roman empire had held
then our eyes would not see what they do (do)

it is hiding dark as ptich black cole
yet surely past lies must unfold
crusaders still save the pagan souls

crusaders save the pagan souls(Instrumental)Colored rainbow appears in the sky
Paints an eagle and watches it fly
An angel sends a message
That someone will die today
Like a flower blossoms in spring
Turns to weeds in May 


Is there a reason of the spiritual cross
Why we feel for our greatest loss
Is there life after death
Or do we suffer till our last breath of breath 


Drift away to a place of no pain
Through the clouds tear drops of rain
I'll find another life
Sail your soul through the whispering wind
Reach out for your angel wings
How high I can fly away 


Forgive me father for we have sinned
Each breath we take gives you pure wind
Flowing free
This other world of a peaceful place
Will it wipe away the tears on my face
And take me away
Is there an answer for this game
Or do I belong here without a name 


Drift away to a place of no pain
Through the clouds tear drops of rain
I'll find another life
Sail your soul through the whispering wind
Reach out for your angel wings
How high I can fly awayAs we heard the threatening sirens
Warned against the bombing raid
We cowered in a shelter
They left us to our fate

Bombenhagel - Bombenhagel
Bombenhagel - Bombenhagel

Stukas dived to bring is mortal dreed
Bombs fell down as rain
Explosions shook the ground
Debris is buried the dead again

Bombenhagel - Bombenhagel
Bombenhagel - Bombenhagel

Waiting for the painful decision
Senseless action of Germans on and on
Only suicides delivered is from suffering
What does the future have in store

Bombenhagel - Bombenhagel
Bombenhagel - Bombenhagel(Instrumental)You told me, "I'll really miss you if you leave. You're the only one here who listens to what I say." 
I told you, "I'm sorry, I can't stay here. You're such a great girl and I will remember you." 

Stop looking so sweet and naive, with your oval-frame glasses and permanent smile. 
You just sit there, so quiet and lonely, and I think I should be right there with you. 
Stop acting so god damn great, when you're already getting the things you deserve. 
He seems really nice and good to you. 
Probably better than I could ever be. 

I can't compete with that. 

Don't make me compete with that.Try and take a ride, from earth
To the edge of the known universe
To see if we can find the origins of ourselves

First break from gravity, past the moon
In Earth's own orbit
And Mars is silent and lifeless

-Or so they would lead us to believe-

Further out, and Jupiter
Is the King of the outer orbits
Saturn is resplendent, in ringed grace

Uranus and Neptune, both gas giants
Are at the edge of our solar system
But Pluto is a planet, with a moon called Charon?

-Or so they would lead us to believe-
-Far from the pull of the Sun-

We live in star city, Milky Way,
Where all of the night time stars that we see reside
A spiral galaxy, in deep space, 150,000 light years across

Andromeda, is the nearest spiral galaxy
2 million times the speed of light away
Helping to form the local group
With several clusters of smaller galaxies
Pre-determined, in the very first seconds of the Big Bang

50 billion trillion miles from home, at the edge of the known universe
Where the secrets may, be waiting for us to discover them3 acts: requiem 1: I walk the life in depression
(by RH-):

THE LAST DROP IN A DRIP

These are the last moments
Last drops of life
In a drip
While landscapes of death open
The scythe gate...
It's the last sound
Of beating hearts
It's all dead!
It's all dead...
I wander the woods in hatred
I walk the life in depression
And ther's something inside
Which blows like an atom bomb...
Now...
                      RH- 2006.XII.4

ITCHIN' SKIN

It seems that this skin
Is dead...
It seems that my life...
It stopt...
...Whiles ago...
I dont know where is the shadow
In which i hide myself...
Some kind of joy
Is all..around...
And I'm becoming
Even deader than i was before
Among autumnal woods
I scream in possession
Slay me!!! ...
Oh slay me... ... ...
Slay me the trees!!! ....
...
		RH 2006.XI.30
Deep-Pression project by RH & T


NOTHING

Trees of november
In sephia mist
The world grows with emptiness
Ah fucking life!
Never allows to walk the Way
Everything must die
Before my very eyes
To let me touch the Throne
Everything is the shade of Emptiness
Everything decays
And remains still...
And they leave
Into oblivion state
Fucking existence!!
Hypocritical NOTHING!(Instrumental)You tear and rape levity from my life
You eat away my ambition
Why struggle
It's all done
The false shame, the disgrace
I'm done now with your contempt
All you have
My distress, my torment
Has left you
It's all gone
Is your worth still all that you wanted?
You're empty
It's all saidConfront me unholy ones
Bastard saints scorn of the earth
I summon thee now poison me
Death under will burn in my soul

Exalt me enemies of the lamb
Intrude - We are of one
Under will, I walk the path of sin
With your spells I die again

Raise me from mortal
My will be your will
My words speak your words
Your pains raise me to bliss

What of this anger now
Received to lance your enemy
I feel the energy
The poison moves in me
I spill blood

Scorn of the earth, I witness
In rapture I'm born again
Scorn of the light, I bear scorn
In rapture I'm rebornWhy do i have to kill you brother
In the senseless battle?
Time and again asking myself:
What am I doing here?

I see the children crying under
The weight of uncertain future
Grows a fear inside my chest
Despair and fear remains

[Chorus:]
Why did you leave me alone?
Fighting against my own daemons
That consume my heart
While around me
I see just pain

I rise my sight
And I feel the light
That fills my heart
From stars in the sky
And I wanna cry
For all that's left behind
In my life

All my friends making their lives
While I'm shooting the anger
Of another that's controlling
All of my life

Ripping fury strikes the battle
No man's land, just slaves and
Masters of a cruel destiny
That tears us apart

[Chorus]

[Solo: Joshua]Walk the aisles of death
Wait for life to end
Necrophilic haunts my mind
Human carcass will be mine

Restless bodies,
filling all my needs
Love the dead,
cadaver never screams
Digging tomb to tomb
Seeking pleasure with a groom

Better dead than alive
Perverse lust makes me hard
Maggots feast inside
Rotten makes me alive

Voices starts to whisper
They feast upon your blood
Terror fills the mind
Bodies need to grind

Sickness spreading fast
Welcome to your grave
Killing you at last
Final rest in hell(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Freedom, happiness and peace are about to become torment!
Underneath my rule, darkness unveiled

Chorus
Onslaught under tyranny
Victims countless perish
Son of Satan crushing all
Total destruction
This world of evil succumbing
To satanic worship
My father handed me the throne
Rejuvenated in Flame

Tanks and missiles directed at the ones who's choice is treason
No one will betray me now my control is total
Fight! Attack you neighbour
Fight! Violence is welcome
Fight! Three and a half year war
So Fight! This I OrderLeaving the festered entrance where, without absence, I left my coagulated signature in swift movements...
A wicked smile I gave to those who mischiefed such unholy forces ungladly and not in vain!
Fiercly ablaze passion gave birth Death in bloom.
It was born in silence and it dreams within crushed screams.
From shallow bullets' emerged waste now returns against their tide!Fate denied
A wonderful moment for wasting away
Faith deprived for one more day

Still alive
Merely existing inside the pain
Live to die for one more day

Minds collide
The beauty of nothingness slipping away
Trapped inside for one more day

One way to escape the night
One way to erase the light
One way to fragment the time
One way to plead for your life

Saints confide
A tranquil display of ambition and pain
Hate implied for one more day

Throne of lies
The flesh on the surface is rotting away
Breath supplied for one more day

Bleed the sky
The shadows above begin slicing the vein
Death will rise for one more day

I feel the rain is falling for one last day
I hear the heavens calling to take me away
I fear I've not done enough
Waking and breaking at night
Existing for denial 
I fear I've not done enough

Now the saints crucify
Just to taste from the sky
You're bleeding out again

So you've given your sight
Just to live through the night
You're coming down again

No, it doesn't seem real
All the pain that you feel
Becoming scarred again

Bleed the sky

One way to escape the night
One way to erase the light
One way to fragment the time
One way to plead for your lifeLife, eternal suffering
Every day the same
Desperate acts of violence
My only escape from this painful world

This cycle will never disown me
These wounds will never fully heal
Harming myself in anguish
The only glimpse of what is real

Constant thoughts of how to end my life
Tree limbs ask me to embrace them
Planting my feet into fertile soil
Becoming one with the forest

A hollow tree will become my home
My legs form into roots
Watching this land for centuries to come
End the contemplation

I open my eyes, rope around the branch
Wishing the vision was real
I leap, but fall, the branch has broken
Why won't this end, why can't I leave(Instrumental)Winters and storms of the heart
Churn my spirit
I am in awe of your totality 
Your key resonates in a 
Cold and hollow vibration
Discord with the many
Harmonious with the few
For those who go beyond reason 
To punish the herd
Into the trees cloaked in shadows
I wander again and again
To reflect upon sight earned and
Hatred gained
The break of the beast never Exhaled
Vengeance and malice my iron will
Returned to spread the manifest of a 
Blackened faith
With the power of storms behind me

Hail the Black Hearts
Hail the Black Faith
Hail the Iron Will
Glory to the Beast(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Never Die In Me 

Like a little ragged doll lying dead in rain 
Waiting for someone who never shows 
To take away the pain 

Anyone I ever loved 
Anyone I ever will 
No one there like you 

In this sea I drown my hope and all the tears I've cried 
They still call your name and crave for you to bring the light 

(chorus) 
In love I feel this pain 
It tears me open wide calling your name 
In love I feel this pain again 

I've never felt so cold inside 
When your love for me has died 
I'll fade into the night 

In this sea I drown my hope and all the tears I've cried 
They still call your name and crave for you to bring the light 

(chorus)Do you feel the witch sitting on your chest?
A demon on the side with its hands around your neck
Strangulation cutting your circulation
Disrupted slumber...Disrupted Slumber!
I want to be normal and sleep!
I see something staring at me!
Sleep paralysis...Spirits,Witches,Death!
Sleep paralysis...Spirits,Witches,Death!
Sleep paralysis...Demons,Witches,Death!
Bizarre occurrences
Strange happenings
Terrible hallucinations!
A feeling of levitation
I am paralyzed...
Something Attempting To Rape Me For My Energy...
My soul...Something Is Trying To Take My Soul!
In the night...Strange Occurrences
An unnatural sensation of DEATH1
In the night...Bizarre Hallucinations
An unnatural sensation of DEATH1
Awakened In The Night Gasping For Air...Due for nuclear bombardments
In ritualistic wars
Set on courses
Aiming them into black holes

Condemned
A galaxy of scorn
Crude code sealing your fate

Disposable according
To the whims of pure energy super-species

Condemned
A galaxy of scorn
Crude code sealing your fate
Condemned

Sophisticated viciousness
Absolute zero coldness
Annihilation made into
An aesthetic experience

Quiet internal chant
Un-magical spell
Spirits buried in genofixed glands
Transcending from sources obscure
Pathetic, fleshy things

Breeding and killing
Darkness and pain
Blessed in a hail
Of rock, dust and splinters

Blessed in a hail
Transcending boring, old-fashioned, biological life
Blessed in a hailShut the fuck up you ignorant fool.
You pollute the world with propaganda.
Your ideology of hate is archaic.
You'll lead us to destruction.
You make me sick to my stomach.
Stupidity on parade.
If you sat and thought for a minute,
you'd come to understand.
You cause the world's injustice,
preaching your fucked up ways.
Take a look inside.
You're not the superior race.
I see a bleak future for all of mankind.
When will you come to your senses and fucking realize.
We're all in this together so if you want to preserve.
Overcome your hate.
There is no superior race.
I don't believe.
No power.
You have no power.
I stand against the tide of racial supremacy.
I stand against the tide.
I have no faith in your cause.The tension is slowly building 
Do you feel it floating within the air? 
Because we are a hive of agitated bees 
Do you hear the buzzing getting louder? 

So what does the future hold for us? 
Will the hive erupt in anger? 
Or will we be cut down off the tree 
When it's too late for action? 

A worldwide society 
Yet still we run rampant with inequality 

Inequality has always plagued mankind 
So is that just the way that things are meant to be? 
In a worldwide society 
We can make this become our reality 

But the borders they stay up 
And the powerful sow discord between neighbours 
They don't care twice about the pain 
For all they focus on is their gain 

They don't care for the lives of the masses 
To them we're all just collateral damage 
To what lengths will they go to to keep this inequality? 
They poison our oceans and cut down all the forests 
Not sharing resources and never giving back 

Rampant inequality in a global society 
Now say it after me "We are free, we are free" 

This is our society, a world filled with brutality 
This is our reality, a world filled with mortality 

When are we going to break this sick mentality? 
Where money is more important than morality 

Rampant inequality in a global society 
Now, say it after me 
"We are free" 
We aren't fucking freeCorruption of the mind
I live my life unscathed
A small donation of green
Will wash my sins away
Hypocrisy unveiled
A small price to pay
For the pain you will endure
I'm saved another day

Hallowed Apparition

I hang my head in shame
My hands held to the sky
I kneel before the cross
And I ask the holy - why
Mindset - unholy
Leaves a sacrilegious scar
The hallowed apparition
Has saved my soul thus far

Hallowed Apparition

Confess unto my sins
My anguish - so unreal
Can't erase the blood
I long for the pain you feel
Look into my soul
Wretched vision of hate
I repent before the cross
And test the hand of fate

Hallowed ApparitionThis soltitude...
So barren
So empty
So cold
So distant
I bid farewell
To this world
This cold cruel world
As this time slips by
I feel the end approaching me
I feel nothing but pain

This bitter, beautiful pain
Everything is just a haze
A hazy blur made of my own fears and failure
I cry in shame of knowing my faults
But it doesnt seem to help anymore
These wounds refuse to close
Forever open, reminding me of what i so despise
Scarred and broken

I break, i grope, i fail
I suffer...
Shrouded by darkness
I slowly wither away
Draining myself from everything
I will leave today

Leave this life i so despise
Broken by these flowing tears,
I will give it all up
My life, my dreams, my everything...Transgenic subject designed for mutation
Reluctant servant, disposable life form
Changeling bred for tissue engineering
Anatomically incorrect, interspecie mixture
Collections of foreign cells incubate

Quarantine essential for proper development
Unnatural habitat entombs victim
Forced regeneration, heightened metabolic rate
Intravenous infusion engrosses
Construct this abomination

Scientific breakthrough accomplished
Inhumane entanglement, conjoined hybrid
Donor potential realized
Humanoid characteristics evident
Implantation successful, execute cultivation
Abundant supply ready for harvest

Changeling bred for tissue engineering
Reluctant servant, disposable life form
Transmutation

Selfish experiments that prolong human life
Inhumane entanglement
Procreation of organisms to benefit man
Interspecie mixture
Transforming creatures through science
Humanoid abominationThe Auschwitz lie , one man exclaims
Fred Leuchter is his name
No jewish woman , no man , no child
Was executed in the third Reich
spreading lies , just for fame
Nazi Propaganda is your game
Don`t try to erase or hide
the facts of the Third Reich

Six Million dead
Shame and regret
Freddy watch your step
or else I blast of your head
Now in Prison at last
The man who manipulates the past
I hope for you and me
That he will end on this machinery

The Auschwitz lie , one man exclaims
Fred Leuchter is his name
I hope you`ll soon gonna be dead
Your lies will no longer spreadWe hold our white vestments close
and we shall don this shroud
of life and love and loss
In Gaul we stand proud

Skyward, our holy elders will climb
and reach the mark of the wild
This mistletoe on this oak
shall bring forth animal's child

This gift will render us divine
And cleanse our bodies of death
Our lips are moist with the wine
Of life and love and loss

We sing and dance and pray
The sixth moon will not sway
This stag will feed our kind
We sing and dance and cry

We hold our white vestments close
As we end this holy day

We sing and dance and pray
The sixth moon will not sway
This stag has fed our kind
We sung and danced and criedMost people look anywhere but down, and yet you like to look down, and converse with people about below. People tell you not to look down and concentrate on the climb alone, yet you feel the need to know where you are going. Some suggest looking up instead, but you think it is pointless, thinking that is not where you are headed, and it hurts your eyes for nothing and renders you incapable of even seeing the rope. Yet people tell you not to look down. Some jump off, thinking it is where they are going anyway. Most try to enjoy this climb, yet you try to ask people about below. Some claim it is going to be white like above, some claim the climb will restart in another rope and yet you know nobody knows, and they get uncomfortable when you ask.The lakebed absconded when we intercepted the Cygnids stream:
The glimpse of ferly centesms suddenly distracted
from the tranquility of the redshift leams.

The archaeology of rememberance sublimated
Into a stelled catatonia of desideration.

Astronomical twilight was years ago. /Cosmic radiation is intense even at the
horizontal prallax. / For there is no atmosphere
above the icy impact basins of this moon. / From here Earth would look as I left it, / But by now
you have been dead for two million years...

This is a vertiginous thought...
A token of brooding oneiricism.Silent Night. Unholy Night
Silent Night. Unholy Night

Skies of night, relentless, unforgiving
Angry winds proceed amongst the living
Here comes the storm, the cosmos brings a fear
The curses brought to life, experience means nothing

Only faith can save you from this day
The night produces a spectre so evil
Come to me all who are heavy burdened and I shall give you rest
I shall give you rest and protect you this night, and every night, forever.
Spirits of fallen nature now arise to take what is theirs
Inspiring hatred within our souls, they destroy what is ours
Flesh and bones are not our enemies, but unseen forces of evil
Possessing beings which lack the power to end this cheap rebellion
And one day they will see the light, but not the light of heaven
The light of Hell and suffering, of endless torture.

Silent Night. Unholy Night

Skies of night, relentless, unforgiving
Angry winds proceed amongst the living
Here comes the storm, the cosmos brings a fear
The curses brought to life, experience means nothingInvisibili rintocchi, strane odi presagiscono,
sua nicchia, la carne in necrosi aspetta,
decomponendosi abiurando, la mortalita' della vita,
il nefasto antro, muta abitando;
Alito di Terra, nel vuoto si leva,
impregnando di insensate effigi il marmo,
empie voci fan tremare il celato,
istigando la nequizia, latente nei loro sensi;

Innalzandosi acre l'odore, cui il cielo dipinge,
anelito, che vive della morte cibandosi,
trama che sorregge le stelle, si liquefa col freddo respiro,
eclissando di realta' surreali bagliori;

Adito dando, della Terra il feticismo,
flebile di questi luoghi, la moralita',
il santo si flette alla lussuria della carne,
muto decomponendosi, l'elogio funebre avverte1.	Untitled		 
2.	Untitled		 
3.	Untitled		
4.	Untitled		 
5.	Untitled		 
6.	Untitled		 
7.	Untitled		 
8.	Untitled		 
9.	UntitledFor eras of torpor
Midgardians wandered
Empty of spirit and joy
Confined to live a dull existence

Praise the day of change
Sudden shift of fate...
At last a reason to dream for
To drink for all eternity

The true vial of inspiration
Shortest path to wisdom
It was brought to the heart of Midgard
What a lavish gift of gods!

By the blood of Kvasir
Blended with the finest honey
The meat of poetry breached
From void to creation

We raise these wooden mugs
To kill our thirst
For each drop, a renewed insight

There's no easier way
To achieve a greater knowledge and unveil
A bunch of mysteries about this world

By the blood of Kvasir
Blended with the finest honey
The meat of poetry breached
From void to creation

We raise these wooden mugs
To kill our thirst
For each drop, a renewed insight

There's no easier way
To achieve a greater knowledge and unveil
A bunch of mysteries about this world

As one we hail the brewed juice
Let it spread through our inner veins

High the spirits lift
With dozens of gulps of mead
The feet start trampling each other
Happily dancing a foolish dance

We abstract the sense of time
And drift inside this untamed flow
But before it dies away
Chanting remember this gift of the gods

From the divine spit
Kvasir was born
Enlightened being
He couldn't be wrong

Killed by dwarves
Split in three
Such is the tale
Mead of poetry(Instrumental)A Cemetary where black gravestones arise ghostly
A putrid nails of a corpse above the fog
The sinister mortuary crypts break through the miasma

Far beyond the inconceivable darkness that nests after
The cankerous flames of a gelid fire monistrolet

Far beyond the tartary immensity of poisonous streams
And waterfalls of fathomless emptiness

Currents sprout with putrid liquid, from the most
Intimate horrors of the earth that
Dwell in pestilent abysses of far away cities
Monistrolet

A raven caws horribly notes that fade in the
Silence of twilight as tears of melancholy 
Sheding into oblivionWinter... Cold... Night...
I feel my faith frozen inside
Wind... Rain... Moon...
I'm afraid of the destiny I'll meet

I'm trembling all over in this obscurity
But the mountain is near
Where the truth awaits uncertain
Step by step I proceed into the woods

At the end of my path
The supreme moment has come
Shadow of evil prevails
Now I know... my faith is lost

"I'm nothing, but with you
I desire to explore the meanders of the dark"
"I grant you that! Now you're mine, mine forever
And forever you'll remember the SINOATH"(Instrumental)Sta je kurve
Zajeb'o vas bog
Ode sve u pizdu materinu
Ide uzurbano u dolinu
Smrti!!!

'ajde kurve
Svi pred strasni sud
Ide sila od svih sila jaca
Ide sila i za njom koraca
Tmina!!!

I sveti i prokleti
Zajedno ce danas mreti
U istoj ce vatri sagoreti

Sve copore i sva jata
Sve od blata, sve od zlata
Progutace danas ista vatra

Zakon sile - trijumf smrti
Prezivelih nece biti

Nit' se ima kud pobeci
Nit' se ima gde sakriti
Vezane su ruke sreci
Postedjenih nece biti

Muk i zadah smrti
Kad sirovom zemljom podju
Da joj stare kosti glodju
Tad, kad sve zadrhti
Cela zemlja, svima mati
Svima ce i grob postati!!!

Sve nestaje, sve se vrti
U vrtlogu opste smrti

Nepregledno polje mrtvih
Zakon sile - trijumf smrti

Muk i zadah smrti
Zaplivace gustom tminom
Poplavice sve prazninom
Tad, kad sve zadrhti
Kad poslednji grc sve stegne
Svako u svoj grob nek legne

Sve nestaje, sve se vrti
U vrtlogu opste smrti

Nepregledno polje mrtvih
Zakon sile - trijumf smrti

Iskra zivota zauvek ugasena
Snaga zivota slomljena, pregazena
Slomljena, pregazena!!!

Sta je kurve
Zajeb'o vas bog
Ode sve u pizdu materinu
Ide uzurbano u dolinu
Smrti!!!

'ajde kurve
Svi pred strasni sud
Ide sila od svih sila jaca
Ide sila i za njom koraca
Tmina!!!(Instrumental)Was it time for pain? 
 I saw the reasons why my 
 Chains grow stronger 
 Nothing stays with me 
 But to believe I need some 
 Strength to hold on 

 I saw your smile 
 These chains were broken of me 
 Designed to cry 
 I hold back my time 

 Chorus: 
 (Voice 1) 
 All that I fear 
 I won't wake till my dreams allow me 
 Fighting this fiend I'm holding 
 (Voice 2: fighting, I'm fighting this demon I'm holding) 
 With chords of steel 
 With fists of lightning 

 Tired of imagism 
 But slowly tied to imagism much stronger 
 To silent hope I kneel 
 The reward for noble feats I braved out 

 Chorus: 
 (Voice 1) 
 All that I fear 
 I won't wake till my dreams allow me 
 Fighting this fiend I'm holding 
 (Voice 2: fighting, I'm fighting this demon I'm holding) 
 With chords of steel 
 (Voice 2: with teardrops of lonely) 
 With fists of lightning 
 (Voice 2: unburden the broken one) 

 Unhand the time filled with the pain 
 Embrace the time filled with the rainLive in fear of our world
Incautious thoughts of destruction
Go to sleep it will disappear
As a dream will be clear
You wish for earth the rebirth
The air won't encumber you any longer
As you reach for someone's hand
As we see no mans land

Your dream will end
And then you will take a stand
To this and make the world exist
The slave inside
Is the evil way of mind
For you there is nothing left to do

This is what life has come to be
See the end of technology
The day will come as you see
For us all that is left

See the light of unknown places
As we all have different faces
Reality makes you grow colder
As it brings you to your shoulders

You can not have
The no mans land
It is just a dream
For someone's hand
Do not look back
On the past
The fight for light
It will last

Look around on the ground
A lifeless form to be born
A face for earth to be lent
No mans land - no mans landI skogen jeg bor
I skogen jeg lever
Traerne er mine venner
Ingen mann kan gaa til mitt land
Jeg er vinden, natten og reignet
Himmelen er svart
Svart som helvete
Svart er min sjel
Svart er livet mitt
I skogen jeg bor
I skogen jeg lever
Traerne er mine venner
Ingen mann kan gaa til mitt land
Jeg er vinden, natten og reignet
Himmelen er svart
Svart som helvete
Svart er min sjel
Svart er livet mittThe cosmic sky's illuminates
Immense vast worlds of desolation
Marveling over the unseen inhabited
Spheres of unapprehended confinement

Scintillating, incomprehensible witness
Beyond the bounds of this humanity
Wishes of a existence far superior of this
Life far from these ethological beings

The cosmic sky's illuminates
Immense vast worlds of desolation
Marveling over the unseen inhabited
Spheres of unapprehended confinement

Scintillating, incomprehensible witness
Beyond the bounds of this humanity
Wishes of a existence far superior of this
Life far from these ethological beings

Watching existence throw this life of insufficient being, 
mirroring reality of incompetent self hate, 
deep into the dark of night, 
shadows of visioning realms of fate

Gazing upon the untouched cosmos
Beyond mortality horizons
Leaving behind a place of deficient
A distant place from humanities consumptions

Watching existence throw this life of insufficient being,
Mirroring reality of incompetent self hate, 
deep into the dark of night, 
shadows of visioning realms of FateTonight let's drink without stopping
Brothers, rise your horns now
Tomorrow we will fight
And sow corpses in the sea

Drink and laugh and sing throughout the night 
with the sweetest mead of truth
Drink and sing without stopping!

Let's toast to the battles, to the women, to Freyja and her kindness,
To the drink that in our hands will forever be,
The same if in Valhala, on the land or on the sea
Let us all sing as always, lai la la la la la la!

Fields so green and so abundant that will surely grow in life,
With fertile land and a woman our offspring shall be born!

When the ferment springs and mixes up with blood,
Odin enters in our bodies!
While taking in his sacrifice and sorrow

Let's toast to the battles, to the women, to Freyja and her kindness
To the drink that in our hands will forever be
The same if in Valhala, on the land or on the sea
Let us all sing as always, lai la la la la la la!Waiting is been
Waiting for a word
I Never heard
A word that lie in
between the lines
Of a poem that died
Seconds before it materialized
Like a foreign sound from
An unknown town
-it makes the earth go 'round and
around

A chair in her room was a tower
From where she was watching
She peeled through the window
And spinned
Opened the door, said;
Come inside

Do you see what you like
Do you like what you see
Do you see what you like
Do you like what you see

Come walk with me for a while
My child
There's a word I have heard
And it's deeply absurd
-The rhythm among you and the
rhythm within, have traveled 'long
the same road while you've
wondered where you've been.
The seed of an old star
Is the beat of a new
The stones you choose to turn
Holds the one's the karma about you earn

And if boredom is joy, you're a
Stranger - a toy in
the hands of the few
Of the one's you once knew

If it's all just a game-
Every day remains the sameInspiration: Thomas Ligotti (Teatro Grottesco), Ernest Becker (Denial of Death)

18-34

An authentic confrontation
With nothingness
The grotesque super-art
Integuments in eruption

The long ordeal of our lives
A collection of bodies
Activated by the all-moving
Blackness

34-50

To the heights of the mountainous pile
Of human and non-human bodies
Descent into the fungal
No face among us

(scream)
To exist
Without the protective nonsense
Of the human mind

54-70

-
Man's incessant efforts
-
To escape the burden
-
Of life and death
-
Red in tooth and claw

70

(scream)

90-106

Underneath the mask
Throbs the ache
Of cosmic specialness
The passsing into nothing

To live with an inner sense
Of chaos
That other animals
Are immune to

106-114

(low)

-
You have
-
The strength
-
To oppose
-
Reality

114-124

You wish to regain
That profound indifference
And a patience
Toward death and suffering

126-138

To plunge headlong
Into the compulsive ways of the world
Underneath the bland exterior
Universal anxiety

138

(scream)

148-164

To be immersed
In an authentic mode of life
With traces of insanity
The self must be broken

(scream)
With an undercurrent
Of constant hate
And lingering bitterness

164-172

(low)

I am separated
From the pool of shared meanings
The weight of days
Is dreadful

174-186

To experience fear
In the face of creation
I say, die and taste death
As if it were present

186-190

(dual)

Sex is of the body
And the body is of deathBlack heart and black suit
A nonsence background
Black voice and black dress
Shaped by respect

Empty stares anesthesia
Your warmth feels like heaven
My heart feels like hell
I feel closer to hell

Now go sleep with the dead
Plenty young men perished
And left there unaided
Trampled by vicious psychotic snakes
Oh!

Conscious amnesiac
sleep with the dead

With no time to bleed there is no time to see
With no time to bleed
I carry the cardinal sin
You can wash it away yet the stink remains
With no time to bleed
Why am I still bleeding

Scorch your soul everthing you became
My calamity years must be brought to an end
Scorch your ideas to feel cloer to hell
Do you see the end we are ready to fall

The broken pieces in your heart is a borbid demonstration
And precision as a remark
This time there is no turning back
With no time ti bleed

With no time to bleed there is no time to see
With no time to bleed
I carry the cardinal sin
You can wash it away yet the stink remains
With no time to bleed
Why am I still bleeding

Conscious amnesiac (4x)Deep in the depths of the Abyss  

There is suffering of unimaginable magnitude 

Molten souls are cut to pieces over and over

Their damnation a price severe to pay

Yet it is paradise to others who share a much worse fate


Gigantic caverns of time unbound, untold

Filled with those who are forever impaled

They have no respite from this torment

Bathed in flame they twist and turn upon the jagged iron

No release, no escape, it shall never end


In these hellish halls of brimstone and blood

Is where they dwell forevermore, devoid of the sight of god

Demons throw skulls with satanic laughter

As they fly amongst them a storm of bats

Minions of the dark lord, whom torture, heckle and howl


Epic evil has its place here, for all its vastness

Tis but a sliver of the entire realm that awaits

With fate looming and death beckoning each human soul

Many more shall join the masses before the end is nigh

The screams of pain in its purest form, as a symphony of suffering

Like a shard of broken mirror, reflected inward upon themselves 



They shall always be here
Infernal caverns of the eternally impaled...

They shall never leave here
Infernal caverns of the eternally impaled...Of all the dreams, which are endless
The nights are passing, so obscure and lonely
Lacking your presence...

These cold days, the increasing pain
Into sleep... Beyond mundane thoughts

Lost memories...
Fragments of the past
My soul grief's and celebrate
The existence of births and deaths
Memories of this bitter life...
Fragments of the past
My soul remember...
The queen that left...

Nothing remains the same...

Lost memories...

Fragments of the past
My soul grief's and celebrate
The existence of births and deaths
Memories of this bitter life...
Fragments of the past
My soul remember...
The queen that left...

Of all the dreams which are within
The days here, are passing with sorrowWith the military capitulation in 1940
Weapons are sheltered away
Contact is kept by officers
Resistance is growing by the day
Some men fight for freedom
Some men die for you
Some men fight the oppressor
Warriors of the Milorg group
By allied support
They are trained to reclaim the north
With Sten guns in hand
They serve their kingdom and land
Some men fight for freedom
Some men die for you
Some men fight the oppressor
Warriors of the Milorg group
Airdropped in the cold mountains
Crossing the Nordic sea
Camouflaged by the inaccessible nature
Sabotaging the German war machine
While depressions and negativity
Is ravaging our land
Their youthful battle spirit
Ignites the resistance
Their courage and will
A growing inspiration
To stand up and fight
For the day of liberationSkrevet av Nag
Etter tusen ar i Helvete
Har bi giort
Som bere mener jesus giorde
"Statt opp fra de dode"

Etter tusen ar med logner
Skal bi fore fore bar inkvisision
Hbor fosser ab blod skal flyte
Og ingen lib vil bli spat

NAr solen dekkes ab aske fra brennende kirker
Og du kienner stanken av rattent blod
Da hielper det ikke a be til gud
For bi er demoner av Satans Rike

Igien bil et teppe av onskerog hat
Legge seg ober Nordens ebige morke
Ligien bil bi herske
I bart eget rikeI have been to Hell and back - kissed satanic Queen
Traveling at the speed of light - saw thing never seen
Arm in arm with Lucifer - Belial on my back
I have swam the lake of flames - walked forbidden tracks
To Hell - - and back
To Hell - - and back

I've made love to Lilleth fair - danced the zombies dance
I have shook the reapers hand - broke his deathly trance
Present at ungodly births - mutants writhe in pain
I'm possessed by Hell itself - I'm the man insane
To Hell - - and back
To Hell - - and back
Ride with me
To Hell - - and back

You can take a trip with me - Hell's my final home
If you wish to live at night - watch the demons room
Holding high the Southern Cross - watch the mortals bleed
Drink the blood and feel my wrath - watch the mutants breed
To Hell - - and back
To Hell - - and back07 - Dead Idols

Great are the idols
that we building our hearts
to dedicate and worship
Serving to pieces of wood,
iron or other materials where none
they do for your being objects of
power.
But they don't remember that God
is the one who come to earth
suffered and dead becoming the only
one that
deserved worship.

We're small when we think
we could do something
by our own hands
cause even winning in life,
on the human vision we'd lost
eternally after death.Show me these crowds who personify your sacred thought!
Show me that liberation which was supposed to come together with your death!

I see black clouds of the ignorance
I touch black flames of fear
I tear apart black chains of suffering
I don't fear this sacred taboo anymore
I no longer fear this ban
I won't let the fear to keep me in prison.

I am a blasphemer
I am proud of myself
I am a human
I am the anger of revenge
I am the Antichrist
I am proud of myself

I tore apart black clouds of ignorance
I put out black flames of fear
I tore apart black chains of suffering

I see crowds of corrupted saints
I see hypocrites talking about freedom
I see your wretched temples full of rotten sacraments

What hurts more, truth or lack of truth?!

Rise the light of one thought
Lift the flame of one word

Am I a blasphemer?When you see the faceless go down
The night when no more voices cry
Notice - the dark clouds consult
And it feels like fog of death

You feel the faceless coming up
And you don't want to die in this way

There is nothing except darkness
You don't see what takes place
And it's strange that one hears nothing
Nothing, not even a voice

You ask yourself how that could happen
That you are in such situation
Innocent is how you feel
The fact is you're cursed

Suddenly you hear the voices 
You recognize they're all around
Fear spreads, they're close
Pull you down to the abyss of death

Now you see the faceless go down
The night when no more voices cry
Notice - the dark clouds consult
And it feels like fog of death(Instrumental)1. From Unknown Lands of Desolation
-----------------------------------
Our skies are forever black
Here is no signs of life at all
For burning spirits we are
Consuming your small universe
Slowly but surely

Noone believes in us
We came from realms of Hell
No eyes can see us
We're not made of flesh and blood

In times past we reigned everywhere
One day life emerged from the chaos
We still dominate but this error must end
The void shall swallow the decease 
Slowly but surely

Changing from a dimention to another..
of being possession
Out of the nihilistic kingdom
to spread destruction
An unseen invasion to conquer
the spiled land...till total extinxion

The human claim to rule their world
They don't even understand the meaning 
of death
A black hole is eating each soul
The ultimate desolation will supress
life and prevail again
Then there won't be mistakes anymore
The apotheosis of Satan approaches
He who is inside of usDay after day
My life fades away
Seeking the truths
In an endless charade
Searching for wisdom
In what had been said
Ending up blind
Or ending up dead.

I have a question for humanity
Is everything you want, what you see?
In the give and take of society
Is it everyone that give,s only you receive?

Life isn't a game, or a fiction book
You play by the rules, do not the crooks
Greedy to the bone, but is it right
Greedy to the grave, late one night.

Pain-filled days
Continues life's decay
What is wrong
With the picture, of today
Forgetting all those
Who try to support
Is civilization
The end of our hopes

I have seen forever what should not be
In reality, nothing is ever free
Materialistic, their unfocused laughs
Indefinitely, humanity can't last.

I have a question for humanity
Is everything you want, what you see?
In the give and take of society
Is it everyone that gives, but only you receive?

Ask a question
If you would dare
Is to feel pain
The right cause to care?

Life isn't a game, or fiction book
You play by rules, but not the crooks
Greedy to the bone, but is it right
Greedy to the grave, late one night
Greedy to the bone, your will's so tight
Greedy to the grave, you'll lose the fight.Evolving from a previous state 
Leaving my old-self behind 
Unveiling my new existence 
Walking a new path 
Crafting something 
More 

Running into the emptiness 

Deconstructing my molecular order 
Transcending 
Becoming a new form of existence 
Im evolving into an unknown matter 
An unknown reality 

I feel the cold space between 
The universe and my conscious stream 
I rise the stars on my mind realms 
Mindless Sea 
Becoming something new 

Sitting on the pillars of an approaching cosmos 

Evolving from a previous state 
Leaving my old-self behind 
Unveiling my new existence 
Walking a new path 
Crafting something 
More 

Displaying a new realm of existence 
Abandoning my old structure 
Deconstructing my reality 
Invading the unknown 

I feel the cold space between 
The universe and my conscious stream 
I rise the stars on my mind realms 
Mindless Sea 

Mindless - Evolving 
Mindless - Creating 
Mindless - Exploring 
Mindless - Transcending 

A new reality 
Ethereal Form 
Becoming one with the 
Harmonic motion of the universeFlittermice of Eld unveiled at the plenilune
 Fordone by mournful rest now seeking to be fed again
 Rising terrestrial power umbraged by celestial light
 That shineth forth from the palace of god - the palace of no return
 
Flittermice of Eld they peer into the morrows
 They peer the yesteryears as those are coming back
 Beholding the son recrucified, beholding gods race browbeaten
 Beholding the Devastation of all morals built by them
 
Flittermice of Eld they fly to blaspheme yehova
 and to build the temple (of the) damned on once holy pleasure ground
 A fare to rise the flag (of Satan), to desseminate the races
 To build the hall of battle and to live in eternal strife
 
Flittermice came forth from the land beyond the forest
 Multifarious winged black creatures slew the angels (up so) high
 Devastation, blasphemy, desecration, unholy He
 Who burned the face of god with the eye of Our MasterCrown Him let his morbid presence be our flesh
Adore Him let his cruel hands carres our souls
Fear Him let his shadow obscure our minds
Worship Him bow to Him serve Him
Let His sharp horns pierce our hearts

My eyes are reflecting 
The glittering of His crown

Walking through corridors of triumph
Bloodletting drawing the Devil's path

Crown Him let his morbid presence be our flesh
Adore Him let his cruel hands carres our souls
Fear Him let his shadow obscure our minds
Worship Him bow to Him serve Him
Let His sharp horns pierce our hearts

Walking through corridors of triumph
Bleeding I found Him at last
Crowning of the morbid king
The glittering crown on Satan's headMERACAU KEGALAUAN, AKU BERSANDAR DILEMA 
RENUNGKAN KEPASTIAN, MASA DEPAN TAK TERBAYANG
KAN KU GELAR SEPI...
BUKA DAN TUTUP MATA INI, TEPISKAN ASA SEMENTARA 
MENGAIS KERELAAN, KENYATAAN DAN KHAYALAN
KAN KU GELAR SEPI...
-Chorus- 
DERAS RINTIK HUJAN, YANG KAN TENTRAMKAN DUKA NESTAPA 
LELAH LELAH RAGA OHH... 
GELAP HITAM SENJA, YANG KAN HAPUSKAN SEMUA LARA 
LELAH LELAH JIWA...
KAN KU GELAR SEPI...
[back to chorus]
THE SOUND OF SILENT WILL GET ME FAR... AWAY FROM HERE...I've distorted my flesh... I've open my veins. The twisted joy of my acts
Are exalting my sense.
For tonight i meet my father satan...
Shall i stop or shall i purchase??? Kiss me deeply my blade!!!
For shall i weep but before my arms full of blood i shall distort my penis
And open thy legs oh!!
My bride gave me my new born messiah son for i must burn him now, should i
Wait a bit more...

[chorus:]
Burn!!! Baby burn!!!
Burn!!! Baby burn!!!
[lead by Nornagest]
Burn!!! Baby burn!!!
Wrapped in fire!!!!

Now the almighty hellfire unleashed upon mankind, the new born holy sons
Will be consumed alive
Into a black coffin, and all humanity shall fade away... Alea jecta est ad
Limina apostolorum...
Burn!!!
Ashes of the world, dust of holy angels fade on the light forever...
Mors ultima ratio lex, est quo notamus ad majorem satanae gloriam... Burn!!!
I can feel the hatred, the fire burns inside my heart
Incinerated bodies, that burning smell excite me so much... Burn!!!

There's not enough humans to satisfy my pyrodesires, kiss me deeply my
Blade. For i shall weep
But before i go my arms full of blood.
I shall burn!!!

Wrapped in fire... Wrapped in fire... Wrapped in fire...

[repeat chorus]

Alea jecta... ad majorem satanae gloriam...There were sinners bleed
Demonic seed
Maniac strikes to attack

Knee deep in blood I wade
Drunk by the blood of the saints
Feelings of death make me thrill
So kill or be killed

Suffering downstairs in my private hell
Clattering are the chains of death and sodomy

Mental disorder in destructive order
Hear them screming in fear from the hole
There were sinnners bleed

Home sweet hell

There were sinners bleed
Demonic seed
Maniac strikes to attack

Knee deep in blood I wade
Drunk by the blood of the saints
Feelings of death make me thrill
So kill or be killed

Knee deep in blood I wade
Drunk by the blood of the saints
I am the maniac
Which strikes back to attackEos...circle...shadows...blood...
 
You're lost
 You're alone!
 You're misunderstood
 
Roberta Sparrow goes at this box mail
 Voyager...trips..
 Philosophy of time travel...
 Searching the truth
 In the middle of twist
 Human nature falls
 Am I attending for nothing?
 
Walking over the sea
 Remembering the life
 And your past...
 Your present
 Your future
 All is going on circle..
 
Stay with your friend and your Rabbit
 ...the illusion for the safety...
 Abandoned under the monument of truth
 All your dreams dies...
 
Dark Eos!
 
All is going on circle..
 
"The kiss in the topical moment
 The love of the anguish
 Dark sensations...
 Philosophy of time travel...
 Your past is near you...
 Your future is in your hands...
 Your present is forever..."
 
Savage or grace
 In this foolish labyrinth
 We must try to survive!
 
Dark Eos!
 
Death GrandMa. goes at this box mail...
 Voyager...trips..
 Philosophy of time travel...
 Searching the truth
 In the middle of twist
 Human nature falls
 Am I attending for nothing?
 
Yes...no...yes...noThis is the path you will be subject to follow
Burrowing into the mind, I ever approach to eviscerate such filth
Manifesting beneath skin to dwell within luscious organs
Rewriting the human code

Recreate the era of an ancient civilization
All of life, these merciless forms consume your world

Recreate the era of an ancient civilization
All of life, these merciless forms consume your...

Darkness surrounds your privileged Earth
You are helpless in the eyes of the unknown
Devastation will hail down from the stars
As our crafts descend upon your terrain
Upon your terrain
Abducting everything in sight

Failure to succumb to my being, we will infest your soul
Extract the life
Reanimate these corpses to wage war on those who disobey

Faces are imploding, blood vessels are exploding
All you can see is death in their eyes

Enigmatic forms consume their hearts
Craving, anxiously awaiting the next chance there is to feast
We have claimed this race
The abomination of evil has arrived
And thus, they perish
Winds carry what has transpired to the ears of those enslaved

Let this storm of apocalyptic chaos rain over your insignificant home
Publicly executed for the people who are left to observe
Dispersed throughout the plain creating mountains of corpses
An experiment your lives have become
The extinction of the human scum is now

RunTrenches excavated - razor wire placed
Body parts are used to create
A bunker to shield from cluster bombs
From trench to trench we raid

Mortar fire rains down from the sky
Craters form countless massgraves
Filled with soldiers - some are still alive
But not for long - bayonet holocaust

Trenches excavated - razor wire placed
Body parts are used to create
A bunker to shield from cluster bombs
From trench to trench we raid

Utterly destroying the weakened enemy
Gas is raised into a sudden cloud of hate
Massive numbers blinded - skin turns to purple grey
Gas is raised into a sudden cloud of hate

The mustard gas, I summon - taking their lives away
From the horrors invoking, the mustard gas ambrosia

Black forces armored satanic gas mask
To deceive the enemy counter attack
Pick up the rifle, open fire

TOTAL WAR DESTRUCTION!

Raised in a gruesome gas nebula
The horror of warfare awaits
Strengthen the frontline defences
Humankind will soon be erasedOn an ash grey wasteland roams a cold shadow
An outcast, an exile, fuelled by hate alone

Feared by all, despised by all
A soulless shell of flesh and bones
Betrayed, abandoned, he walks alone
Pays back aggression with hate

His majestic reign of terror drives him mad
Dissolving into a shadow of the past

Feared by all, despised by all
A soulless shell of flesh and bones
Betrayed, abandoned, he walks alone
Pays back aggression with hate

There is nothing left to say
Beaten and broken he walks alone

A soulless shell of flesh and bones
Pays back aggression with hate

There is nothing left to say
Beaten and broken he walks alone
There is nothing left to say
Beaten and broken he walks alone(Instrumental)In this arcane shrine, at the heart of the mountains
The night lights up, oh voices so clear, quench my thirst
Oh, choirs of the last aeon, my cult, my liege, eternally
Must silence in the mists below... And steal the light of this world
Alone I stand, in celestial divinity, one burning heart among a  hundred cold
Silenced in the mists below... The world is cloaked in grey, the torches are put out
Now the lands lie silent, under misery moon, for the storm to break loose the nightsky must glare
With a hundred deathlights, luciferian stars, the final breath...Slowly drowning in sand
Dust and death greet you
In the valley of the crucified
Survey the slaughter
of a hundred score
Crucified Christians

Eroded bones of victims past
human detritus scattered
skulls crack underfoot
Aged blood stained and brown
The dead and the near dead
The unburiable stench of decay
Soft grey mouldy flesh
Dangles from withered bones
Forsaken sounds from parched throats

Cracked arched spines succumb
to sand scoured days
Cadavers that fester
Like rotted fruit on the vine
This is not hell
This is a place like any other
brother

The sins of god and the sins of man
Their cunting holy trinity
Slowly forgotten in sand
The lesser law abideth as the key
Vessel of holy pain
Hear me dark ones of the pit(Instrumental)Throw your radio out the window, put your boot through your TV 
If you sick of that infernal bullshit, white power rock's what you need 
Hear the songs of battle, with a message all so clear 
Turn it up loud, shout with the crowd, as the final war grows near

(chorus)
Time won't pass us by, 
We're growing stronger than before 
We're rocking for the revolution - Hail rock & roll

The barriers are falling and the rythm's crossing land and sea 
Racial rock is on the rise, so raise your voice for victory 
Some say we're too outspoken, but that don't mean too much to us 
This drum beats for the stormtrooper, so put your trust in us

(chorus)

We are the underground, what doesn't kill us makes us stronger. 
They'll never silence the rebel sound, you can't steal the white man's thunder. 
Throw your radio out the window, put your boot through your TV. 
Turn your back on the fat cats of the music industry

(chorus)There was a mighty tribe
Praising the power of nature...
Respecting the eternal laws
Spartans created their force!

Mountain reaching the clouds...
The cruel symbol of death...

What was born weak and hopeless
Must fall down from the mountain...

Life loves only the strong
And only they can survive...
Weak child won't live too long.
Its place is Apothetai!

Mountain reaching the clouds...
Symbol of vital glory...

What was born weak and hopeless
Must fall down from the mountain(Instrumental)Why am I down here
I thought I was good
Now facing the devil, I'm not so sure
I lived it full
Should be in heaven, but I'm in hell

CHORUS:
This is insane, the ball and the chain
Oh no
No time to cry, down here in the fire
There's no rest for the wicked

I'm shackled forever
My soul left to burn
Life is so strange, now the tables have turned
I'm slaved to my master
No freedom of choice
Scream till I'm sick, but I can't hear my voice

CHORUS

Someone must help me
This grind I can't take
Please grant me wings so the shackles will break
But there's no mercy
Down here where I lie
No granting of wishes, there is no respiteSickly strange existence in oblivious palace
Without matter of time healing and rotting in sanitarium
From here to six feet under
From here to another dead world
Where in blissful ignorance will go astray among brothers
Those who knew him, those who think of him normal

Another conqueror of self conscience, his own psycho
He found the enemy in himself that lives in his head
Ecstasy by self dealt pain?  Feeding of the beast
Ever controlling him inner beast which leads to happiness

Inhuman behavior in the shape of  serial murders
Cast away from God's ray of mercy pushing him further
By throwing the death in living targets he lost the soul
Pathological fears will find the place.  The shelter
The burning abyssFeeling the fucking sadness!
You dont find hope, but you must see the truth
The reality is a real fucking hell
Only the negativism,
Will show you the scum of the world

Labyrinth of tears!
The pessimism, the only truth
This is life full of emptyness!

All is corrupted by the broken dreams
An eternal chain of frustration
Fucking illusions, nothing is real
...This is life, full of emptyness!!!Bastards were back on the street
Looking for someone to kick
They knew exactly where to go
To take someone to a horror show

There was nothing wrong with him
Just someone like you and me

Beaten him up badly to make him pay
Morons killed the guy cause he was gay
Violence and hatred against homosexuality
Just show us their own insecurity

There was nothing wrong with him
Just someone like you and meThrough the corridors of darkness, on the wings of mans desire,
 Conjured by the soulless ones at the everlasting fire.
 Borne on waves of insanity from mans primeval past,
 The mantra of the tumult has awakened him at last.
 
Drawing near in the gloom comes the twilight of all shame,
 The ravens of night have flown away to set Valhalla aflame.
 For too long now the right hand gods have fought between themselves,
 With paths that lead to paradise from this demented world.
 This is the age, the age of Satan, now that the twilight is done,
 Now that Satan has come.
 
Blue velvet shrouds the altar, black candles pierce the dark,
 The skulls of the unbelievers peer sightless, bleached and stark.
 The inverted cross of burnished gold the burial urns of light,
 The pungent smell of incense wafts out into the night.
 This is the age, the age of Satan, now that the twilight is done,
 Now that Satan has come.Winds of the North were blowing
In the forest everything were shadows
A smell of fog, as the breath of the warriors
comes and disappears letting a road between
the tress to the North(Instrumental)Hit the face, she puts make up on your body,
it turns the dark on light around you, ready is the mask
She listens out to the world, it is alone for you,
red, blue, yellow, gold, you turn on the night

Look at me gentleman, I'm all warm,
pick up me gentleman, I want to feel you anywhere
Look at me gentleman, I'm all warm,
pick up me gentleman, I want to feel you anywhere

Hit the face, she puts make up on your body,
warm public still wants you, you smile to the world
With your forms your plastic life, it begins the parade,
red, blue, yellow, gold, light at night

Look at me gentleman, I'm all warm,
pick up me gentleman, I want to feel you anywhere
Look at me gentleman, I'm all warm,
pick up me gentleman, I want to feel you anywhere

My queen, you come before and towards me,
plastic star, aloft your vanity
My queen, you come before and towards me,
plastic star, aloft your vanity

You look at the sex mask,
you look at the sex mask
She listens out to the world, it is alone for you,
red, blue, yellow, gold, light at night

Look at me gentleman, I'm all warm,
pick up me gentleman, I want to feel you anywhere
Look at me gentleman, I'm all warm,
pick up me gentleman, I want to feel you anywhere

My queen, you come before and towards me,
plastic star, aloft your vanity
My queen, you come before and towards me,
plastic star, aloft your vanity

Sex mask

My queen, you come before and towards me,
plastic star, aloft your vanity
My queen, you come before and towards me,
plastic star, aloft your vanitySleep brings no joy to me
Remembrance never dies
My soul is given to misery
And lives in sighs...
The shadows of the dead
My waken eyes may never see
Surround my bed
That from which they sprung - Eternity

Beneath the turf
The silent dead

Sleep brings no wish to knit
My harrassed heart beneath
My only wish is to forget
In the sleep of death
Death is my joy
I long to be at rest
I wish the damp earth covered
This desolate brest

Beneath the mould
The silent dead

But the glad eyes around us
Must weep as we have done
And we must see the same gloom
Eclipse their morning sun

Oh not for them - Should we despair
The grave is drear - But they're not there
Their dust is mingled - With the sod
Their pale souls - Are gone, to god

Well, may they live in ecstasy
Their long eternity of joy
At least I wouldn't bring them down
With me to weep, to groan
And what's the future
A sea beneath the cloudless sun
A mighty, glorious, dazzling sea
Stretching into infinity

My inner sanctum
R.I.P.Well I know what I want, I know how to get it
These streets in my mind, needing more
I long to survive, I call for yesterday
Feel all this passion, love some more
Streets of gold
I gotta make my stand
Streets of gold, oohh
Well I know what I need, when Ma wrote me a note
Said come home to stay, I said no
Can you see the light, long to her far away
Streets of gold
I gotta make my stand
Streets of gold, oohh
Well I know what I want, I know how to get it
These streets in my mind, needing more
I long to survive, I call for yesterday
Feel all this passion, love some more
Streets of gold
I gotta make my stand
Streets of gold, oohhBleed down to the fucking core 
You're going down for fucking more 
Screw your slimy guts 
Driving me fucking nuts! 

Chainsaw in my bleeding hands 
As I start to cut you in two 
Your guts are steaming out 
And I just love the sight! 

Maggots crawling in her cunt 
I just love to lick that shit 
Bury you in a slimy grave 
You will rot forever there!?PILATE:
Here is your king
You bring Him to me
I say set Him free
You say you want Him to die
He has done nothing, nothing, nothing
But you say crucify, crucify, crucify!

You act as though this man is inciting a rebellion
No one here can prove that to be true

I have examined Him in your presence
And have found no basis for your charges
Neither has Herod, so he sent Him back to us
As you can see He's done nothing, nothing, nothing
To deserve the things you ask
I wash my hands of this man's blood

GUARDS:
Hail king of the Jews
Prophesy, who hit you?
Here's your crown

PILATE:
You act as though this man is inciting a rebellion
No one here can prove that to be true

MOB:
Crucify! crucify! crucify!

PILATE:
He's your King!

MOB:
Crucify!

PILATE:
Why?

MOB:
Crucify!

PILATE:
Why?

MOB:
Crucify!

PILATE:
Why?
I have the power to free Him
I wash my hands
He's done nothing
He's your King, not mine

SATAN:
Kill Him

PILATE:
All right

SATAN:
You've washed your hands, just kill Him Pilate

PILATE:
All right
I wash my hands of this man's blood
Oh, take HimAku meronta pada dewata
Untuk melepas belenggu penyiksa
Yang mengalung di leherku
Terasa mencekam kehidupanku
Aku berjuang demi kehormatan
Aku berontak demi kemerdekaan
Dengan berbekal perisai diri
Taming sari pedang pusaka
Tombak zalzalah menunggang kuda sembrani

Aku mohon bala tentara kerajaan kegelapan
Menumpas semua musuhku agar semua binasa
Gemuruh ombak semangat jiwa
Menyelimuti fikiran ini
Terombai penyiksa tersiksa kegoncangan

Telah ku lalui masa ngeri
Bersama sekalungan luka duka
Bercampur pedih dan lara
Dari belenggu rantai gada
Sekarang hatiku telah ketawa
Melihat kehidupan nyata
Sebuah istana menanti
Nampakan sinar bercahaya
Menunggu sang kaisar diatas tahta mahkotaIn Death I have risen
Upon the Throne entombed
Unto the Deeps...
Of a Stygian Wasteland
There I claimed the Underworld with Satanic Might
And stood against the armies of heav'n
...Infernally...
I am a God among the Dead
Ascendant Emperor in Black
Sworn to the Nocturnal Covenant
By my Blood forsaken Veins
Forever rotting in my Grave
...Infernally...
Under the Wolfen Moonlight
I was laid to rest
Beyond the Cemetery GatesWelcome to the snake pit
It's time you came around
No one dreams or prays here
They just keep on slipping down

And I wonder how we make it
Just from day to day
With all the hate increasing
And light drifting away

Welcome to the snake pit
It's time you came around
No one dreams or prays here
They just keep on slipping down

The gears just keep on turning
The grinder never clogs
The pain just keeps increasing
And hoping it never stops

Welcome to the snake pit
It's time you came around
No one dreams or prays here
They just keep on slipping down

And I wonder how we make it
Just from day to day
With all the hate increasing
And light drifting awayA line that can't be broken
Of the duty bound unspoken
Wielding hammers to the sky
For the greater good they die

The world is weary of the past
Might it die or rest at last
Yet the iron and flame of empires
Thunder on the shore

Light a candle for the dead
And the wounded hearts that bled
Echo songs gods and men
Raise a glass to seasons end

We bear the fate of our fathers
Spectres of the dead hours
So he crept from tomb to grave
Traveller of endless day

Fragments of the seasons fell
Across the oceans vast and cold
So we rise and fall
With the tides of the earthI can't see my way when shame is covering my eyes.
Carry a flame for me that i might make it;
Faltering forward as the time.
I can leave no traces
Or i can move the stars in space;
But i can say nothing for the weight of the action that lies like scars upon my face.
But i will say for you anything you need to hear ...
I mean it;
Take the longing from these restless eyes
And keep it for as long as you need it.
I mean it;
Take the longing from me.

I won't see you changing should you remember me somehow.
What in the world would make me feel that way
When nothing on earth would make me now?

All i ever wanted was something that i have never seen.
And all that i ever offered was something that i have never been;
But i will play for you any part you need, my love ...
I mean it;
Take the longing from these restless eyes
And keep it for as long as you need.
I mean it;
Take the longing from me.

I can't make things right, baby
But you know that i will try.
Say that i waited from now till forever;
Say that my tongue should never speak;
Say that i stayed here and lay down beside you;
Say that i buried my mouth in your hair.One by one, they fell into the sea
The gleam extinguished; arduous future wait for me
Gravity; the deep pulls me under
Darkness fills me, and I gurgle as is sink

THE CLOUDS ABOVE ARE DARK, I CAN FEEL IT!
AS ARCHIPELAGO WANTS TO SWALLOW ME
MY BLOODSHOT EYEBALLS; MY PRESSURED LUNGS
MY LIFE; MY LIFE IS IT SLOWLY FADING!?

CONATION COMES IN WAVES; THEY TAKE YOU TO THE SHORE

RISE!
RISE!!
RISE!!!The works in honour of those who are here
though they have never been born;
who were here though they have never lived;
who will be here though they will never see this world...
The pagan cult of the stones,
never destroyed by the church... Teufelssteine!

Teufelssteine!
Here is no light, even the fire is burning with darkness!
Teufelssteine!
The work alien to human art, unaccountably familiar!
Teufelssteine!
Eyes burning with madness,
words and gestures alien to light!
Teufelssteine!

The smell of the Storm! Hear the Fire!
Teufelssteine! Teufelssteine!
See the Scream! Hear the Pain!
Teufelssteine! Teufelssteine!
See the Pain! Feel the Scream!
Teufelssteine! Teufelssteine!

Der Tag des Kreuzes ist geschaffen!
Der Morgen der Magei ist Hier!

Teufelssteine! Teufelssteine!
The Gods mightier than the wooden crosses!
Teufelssteine! Teufelssteine!
The Legends older than the wooden crosses!
Teufelssteine! Teufelssteine!
Der Tag des Kreuzes ist geschaffen!
Teufelssteine! Teufelssteine!
Teufelssteine!(Instrumental)Dead roaches on your lips
A consciousness eclipse
Inanimate delight
Death, the orgasm of life

Fuck your way to hell
Putrid pleasures of the wicked
Silent, omnipotent
Such the vultures love

The scavengers are gorged
Your matter's been deleted
They'll gnaw you to your bones
Celebrate the feeding
Indignity in life
There will never be peace
Just a soiled corpse 
Corporeal release

Beware, the order of the vulture
Beware, the time has fucking come

Fuck your way to hell
Fuck your way to hell!!!

Pollution of the cells
Nothing to be felt
The cunting little fleas
Death, the tyrant of your dreams

Behold the waste
A sea of total scatter
Torn bloodied feathers
Falling from your master
Gasping for mercy
The terrafuck is now
Sifting through your head
But there is nothing to be found

Fuck your way to hell
Foul pets of the perverted
Godless and powerless
Such the vultures loveI felt demonised
Crawling possessed through the night
Hunting like an unholy beast
Looking for a mortal feast

Under the spell
I am a fullmoon maniac

Feel now my demon eyes
Staring at you through the night
You are now my chosen pray
A victim of my carnivorous lunacy

Under the spell of the fullmoon
Driven by the taste of blood
A deadly predator drifting around
Picking your bloodscent from the ground
Under the black canopy of the sky
In the ancient forest where the legend never dies
When man transformed and walked with the beast
In the shadow of the dark night for a blood feast

A lunacy from beyond the darkside of the moon
A spiritual disease of torture and doom
In flames of the underworld a burning hellish fire
Inside the wicked soul it dwells like a desire to kill(Instrumental)Entombed in stone, disgusted by light 
Of our lives once so bright 
Silently I screamed, patiently I longed 
For my afterlife to come 

To this domain I'm reborn 
From aeons that once were silent 
yet they screamed to lead us there 
In triumphal wrath and fury I conquered infinity 

Pantheons of decay 
With gates built of lifes 
Nauseating lifes 
Tremendous obscurity 

Moonlight in chaos shone 

Far beyond life's light I wander 
In a desert of divinity 
In this chaos I'm searching 
searching for death everlasting 

Pantheons of decay 
With gates built of lifes 
Nauseating lifes 
Tremendous obscurity 

As moonlight in chaos shone 
My life passed before my eyelids closedShe came from the water. 
Bold and beautiful. 
Mighty sorceress from below.Looking at death is looking at life without any veils of illusion; you
are looking at something without any form.
Form is an illusion, like this record, it just pretends to exist within a destructible medium. Neither experiencing it nor being unaware of it or its total annihilation makes it a constant or void; fleeting moments make it dynamically desirable or undesirable for other fleeting moments. In this regard, an illusion of total freedom arises. Like a feeling that since nothing really "exists" one can bend all reality. But no! You still have to master the ways of this inherent "illusion" to make way for this idea of perceptual or spiritual total freedom how is that freedom? And if it is not freedom, and freedom does not exist, why do I long for such freedom? Where does this longing for something that does not exist come from? Even if I somehow reach this alleged ambition, why did I ever have to fight all my life to reach it? And can it actually be reached when such question is ever asked? Isn't this the reason most accomplished so- called people end up depressed and suicidal? This is a game that has promises of possibilities in it, nothing more.Back when we started
None gave a dime
On the edge we move
Dawn of our time
Darkness fell upon us - Sadness
No mercy shown - Pain
We carry on - Fighting
A new day's grown

ESTRIBILLO 1:
Out of the darkness
back from the pain
out of the darkness
we'll fight on again
Back from the shadows
into the light
back from the shadows
we march

Through darkness, we'll try again
We're marching on and from the ashes we'll rise

Shortcut to madness
the road we take
We said it clear
we're here to stay
Into the future - Rising
A voice is heard - Flames
Rise from the ashes - Fighting
Rise from the pain


ESTRIBILLO 2:
Into the future
our voice will be heard
over the anger
over the pain
Into the future
our flag will held high
over the anger
we'll rise

(Solo LC)

Back from the ashes, back from the pain
Back from the shadows, we'll march again



Back from the shadows, back from the pain
Into the future, we'll fight on again
Back from the shadows, into the light
Back from the shadows, we march againSwimming on black wings of winds 
I am flying up in a gravely valley of my dream 
I am falling in the tub full of blood 
I am dreaming about crying portraits 

I can not die - this night is so bright 
I can not cry - my eyes are so dry 
I can not wait - my blood is dying so fast in my black heart 
I can not be silent - the sore in my throath is so hot 

The scream is burning 
The dream about crying portraitsEVERLASTING HATE                
                          
I hate the christian religions                            
I hate the name of christ                                  

His creation is a defecation                             
His saints only a lie                                         
His church is a joke                                         
His christian cross is sign of  weakness          

Destroy the creation                                        
Destroy the christ                                            
Destroy to the christians                                  
Destroy                                                            
Destroy only destroy(Instrumental)Can't believe the news today
Don't believe a word they say
Is it true or is it wrong
Or do they sing the money song?

That dictator's bad
His people really sad
And they always suffer

We are number one
They are number two,
Are we really numbers?

Air pollutions real
Every drug can heal
Are you really sure?

To turn left is right
I left my way to right
Where's a traffic sign, man?

Can't believe the news today
Don't believe a word they say
Is it true or is it wrong
Or do they sing the money song?

Do you like my style?
Is my outfit cute?
What essential questions...

Who is watching us
With eyes from above
Is big brother real?

Commercials are my friends
maybe heaven sent
I am still confused!

A new terror threat
Reality report
Or just smoke and mirrors?

Can't believe the news today
Don't believe a word they say
Is it true or is it wrong
Or do they sing the money song?

Are all banks all right?
Or all banks just bad?
Will we ever know?

Media controls
Politician know?
Who is controlling who?

Obey, Submit, Consume
They are still alive
Carpenter was right!

Is my metal true
Or are we kidding you
with undercover Hip Hop?(Instrumental)What kind is the cruelty on the unseen side of glass
Hatreds, four nails and lusts are coming to pass
Of whipping things and hidden love crimes
The bell of all macabre things begun to chime
Of libertine dreams and sadistical vows
One thing to hear as the virgins growl

Bloodbath in paradise that stops rebirth
To see the marks in skin under vestas skirt
Maiden whores collecting killing score
Ravishing the dead to betroth

How to pleasure all twisted lusts of sickle lover
Many things drawing line and awaiting to cover
Eras held in pendants made of torn apart meat
Sister sorceress kissing black widows to greet

Finger out of tomb is the finger in the womb
Dragging, feeling as a libertine in a catacomb
Lesbian attraction to onyx blood dolls
As the mime of eerie voodoo start when shadows fall
Then the whispers will howl and ivory chime
Raving mad crows fly to fragile sky
As the fetish of Netherglades falls in shame 
The reflection is same, songs remains insaneAir suddenly crushes,
The reckless hunger grows.
I hear as pain clashes,
Inside of the mind's lore.

[Chorus]
The frame has been broken by the hand of moon.
Endless beams of sorrow enlighten the room.

A crack in the sky I see, again the passion grows.
No comprehension within the body, the spirit moans.

[Chorus]

Air suddenly crushes,
The reckless hunger grows.
I hear as pain clashes,
Inside of the mind's lore.

[Chorus]Wanderer from far beyond 
Sing to me in that wordless tongue 
Traveler in realms unknown 
I hear the wind from its spectral throne 
Nightwrought, the towers glow 
Tall and far in their dusk abode 
Yet long the winding road 
Saith the wind from its spectral throne 

High up the rise, looming as a pale shadow 
The swirling air reveals fleeting... 
Dancer, of the distant form 
Dreamer, from beauty born 
The vales wide, the globes in their luminescence 
Await their waking and your passage 

Come again, the ward and the wizard 
Those pale fires, whence we came 
Bind the frayed, the lost and invisible wayward cords 
In open gloried wreathe, in luster timeless 
Guide the wanderer, the weary voyager 
Now aimed true, adorned and veiled 
Prophesied, receiver to distant journey lies 
Past the wooded groves, and onward beyond... 

Caller, 'cross violet skies 
Seeker, with rending cry 
The wailing winds beckon to the lingering wisps 
Drawing near to bridge the wretched rifts 

Shimmering, the lucent path 
Passes by in bleary flight 
Mystic flickerings float alight 
Pulled by the tide 

Spheres dissipate in dormant grace 
Rising, tumultuous, the echoing embrace 
Of ascendant return 
River of arcane might, breaker of fate 
Reveals, 'midst towering heights, the perennial gate 
Cascade of prophecy... 

Warder of the coming tide 
Defender in the shining night 
Fear not the perils that lay in the raging waters 
Nor the woes of cryptic wonders 
The towers tall resound to the distant hollows 
Saith the wind from its spectral throneInto the obscure swamps of womb
Multiple embryos are created at impregnation
Still breathing the new born
Motivated by unhuman nature
Consuming all parts of carnivorous species
Cannibalism continues throughout embryonic fetal development
Transform in deadly metamorphosis
Strangulated within the putrid bowels
Stillborn embryos eaten alive
Hunger instincts to dead borned
True evidence of existance
Consumed in gluttony
Cannibalizing another for food in uteroThat rainy day
Destiny tore us apart
Maybe we can't be together
Every day I think about you
Every day I need you
I wish to look for you
I wish to find you

But this cruel destiny decided for us
And you are not (with me) anymore
I see falling rain and I remember you
I see falling rain and I wish to die

That rainy day
Destiny tore us apart
Maybe we can't be together
Every day I feel the loneliness
Every day i want to die
I wish to look for you
I wish to find you

But this cruel destiny decided for us
And you are not (with me) anymore
I see falling rain and I remember you
I see falling rain and I wish to die

I like rainy days because I remember you
I hate rainy days cause I don't have you
I wish to find you someday
And tell you how much I need you...As the light fades forever
an epidemic swarms over
it's the vile spores infecting humanity
raping innocence and laying it's seed
within mankind so it forever be contaminated

The sun blacked out eternally by a dark plague
an ancient plague
carried out by unforseen bearers
the incurable evil infects the land
of cleanliness and hope

There is no shelter or hiding
from infection and infestation
rolling in lika a storm the carriers of Death
the plague eclipse engulfing humanity in it's blackness...

Your only comfort will be Death!(Instrumental)(Instrumental)We have come too far to know
It seems good to be
The truth is that we'll break it
Cry, i see the reason for,
No matter how we try
It seems so hard to make it

Fool for your love
You think you need somebody (need some lovin')
Fool for your love
I think you need somebody (need some lovin')
Now is the time, let me be, all i want's to be free
Let me be

When i held you in my arms
I didn't know just then
How hard it'll be to take it
Now we'll leave it all behind
We didn't know just how
We'll live it up and fake it

Fool for your love
You think you need somebody (need some lovin')
Fool for your love
I think you need somebody (need some lovin')
Now is the time, let me be, all i want's to be free
Let me be

We have come too far to know
It seems good to be
The truth is that we'll break it
Cry, i see the reason for,
No matter how we try
It seems so hard to make it

Fool for your love
You think you need somebody (need some lovin')
Fool for your love
I think you need somebody (need some lovin')
Now is the time, let me be, all i want's to be free
Let me be

I'm a fool, fool for your love
Such a fool, fool for your lovewar and chaos damantion is here
angels of death attack from the sky
wrath of satan all humans beware
by demonic powers you all will die

wrath of sathanas

but we dark ones have nothing to fear
the blood in our veins are satan's gift
so under his flag we now march
brave mighty warriors of satan's wrath

wrath of sathanas

with fists of iron we shall crush the weak
bestial weapons with hunger for blood
not a little human shall be left
because we are overlords under his flag

wrath of sathanasEvening, heaps of corpses
Pile up to the horizon
Cloudy sky rains with the blood of the victims
The fallen angel sits on the battlefield
His steel stained with blood of the blasphemers
Triumphant, yet his face reveals sadness
Rememberance of a great battle comes again

The gate of paradise has collapsed
Darkness is going upwards
The sea is burning
Fire touches the sky

Hell shall rise and never fall
Tremble the walls of false temples
Wake sleeping Lucifer, by the hellish powers
He shall rise in blackness, mighty as once
Enlighten the darkness which he comes out of
His bright wings eclipse all that
Once glimmered with light
They shall blind those who believe in the cross

A slaughter took place here
Thousands of corpses lie among the steel
The wounded crawl in pain
Waiting for death like for salvation
Those who believe in Jahve tried
To stop the forces of hell
Now they are drowning in blood
Blood, upon which an endless kingdom shall rise

Billions of people burning every day
The is cold as lead
Heaven and hell became one
Since the ocean has devoured worlds
Chaos is dwelling in waters of flood
Billions of tentacles twine in the darkness
Waiting to swallow the sun

Hell shall rise and never fall...Melting 
With the night 
Falling 
In the dark 
My eyes are burned 
Death all around 

Leading myself 
to my end 
Leaving my sword 
to the NavASSASSINS


ALL THE ANGER I FEEL
KEEPS ME ALIVE
KEEPS MY BLOOD PULSING
TO HATE MORE AND MORE

ALL THE PAIN THAT HURTS ME
MAKES ME EXPEL ALL THE DIRTY
ENCLOSED IN MY MURDERER BRAIN

LOOK INSIDE MY EYES
SHOW ME ALL YOUR FEAR
MY SPIRIT GETS STRONGER
IN THE WEAKNESS OF YOUR BEING
FELL THE FORCE OF MY POWER
AND DRINK YOUR OWN BLOOD
THE BLOOD OF YOUR SALVATION

I JUST WANNA HATE
I  WANT TO FEEL THE SMELL OF BLOOD
AND HEAR YOU SCREAMMING FOR MERCY
TO SATISFY MYSELF WITH YOUR DEATH
SO CLOSE YOUR EYES AND REST
YOUR CRADLE WILL BE YOUR GRAVE

LOOK INSIDE MY EYES
SHOW ME ALL YOUR FEAR
MY SPIRIT GETS STRONGER
IN THE WEAKNESS OF YOU BEINGTry hard and thing are gonna happen
Stand proud when there's trouble at the door
[__???hing_] the clouds won't help the situation
You've been through this before

Give me a wind - 
We can fly to the sky if you believe it
Enter the pathway to the halls of the gods
Inside our weakness a storm coming up
Can you feel it growing
Feel the strength in our singing hearts

Out of this world your mind can travel
But your soul is locked up in this crowned place
In time you will go to the land of bifrost
Life flowing stronger on the far side of death

Spread your wings and ride the winds of summer
They will carry you up into the sun...
When the god of war raves his hammer
You'll be far off and gone...

Out of this world your mind can travel
But your soul is locked up in this crowned place
In time you will go to the land of bifrost
Life flowing stronger on the far side of death

Give me a wind - 
We can fly to the sky if you believe it
Enter the pathway to the halls of the gods
Inside our weakness a storm coming up
Can you feel it growing
Feel the strength in our singing heartsChildren of Mundilfare
Rides across the ancient sky
Day and night
Time just keeps on passing by

By the well of Yggdrasil
They shape the life of men
Setting the fate of all who's born
You can't escape your death

The threads of fate
Determines the life you'll live, the life you will live

Unknown is the future
Unknown is the road we'll travel
Into darkness we struggle
The three norns will guide us till the end

My eyes
Blindfolded by their grace
Spare me the pain
Of knowing

By the well of Yggdrasil
They shape the life of men
Setting the fate of all who's born
You can't escape your death

I watch the moon
Fleeing the jaws of the wolf
We always run
From the jaws of time, from the jaws of time

Unknown is the future
Unknown is the road we'll travel
Into darkness we struggle
The three norns will guide us till the end

Unknown is the future
Unknown is the road we'll travel
Into darkness we struggle
The three norns will guide us till the endThis is the Black Maze I have Entered
Where the numbness of Souls
Exists in Eternal Dark

Here I lay floating
Blind and Powerless in the Night
Truly, I' m Slain
And Dreaming of Life

My Spiritual Existence caught in a Web
-I lie waiting
but the Flame of my Soul
hasn't faded Yet

Then a Voice summons
The Ship of Time is here
I'm drawn back to the plane of material

Then again I rise, Regenerated
Under the sign of the Baphomet
The darkest hour of Walpurgis Night

My spiritual body,
Stronger than could be
Pure lightning flashing
through my empty sockets
I am the Swordwraith
Oh, thee of the White Christ
Beware for I seek Revenge

Your champions are no match for me
Your priests now tell you lies
Your weak faith makes me laugh,
And smile as you realize
The fate your god arranged for you...

Your hope abandons you,
your courage drifts away
your weapons cannot Harm me anymore
your eyes in Fear
cannot challenge my Gaze

Now, I Kill and destroy
The sword's Howling in Madness
Ripping Flesh,
and Souls Apart

Blood is everywhere
As I devour your Essence
And become Immortal
A true dark Angel ,
by Draining you to the Abyss

I Am the Swordwraith
Mortal worms,
And watch me Burn the cross
Before your dying eyesGoat bitch angel sodomy rites
We will kill Jesus in death
Final mutilation of Hell birth
Darkness goat horns fuck god

Fallen altar driping bloody
Now sodomies and vomits bless
Whores sexing in black offal
Oh majestic orgasmic screamsCtrashnye istorii vernuvshihsya s vojny
Idushchie potokom zheleznye groby
V tvoih slepyh glazah ostalas' tol'ko bol'
Sygravshij v etoj zhizni svoyu malen'kuyu rol'

Pr.
Pobeda, cherez reki krovi
Pobeda, cherez more smertej 

Koshmarnye videniya ne dayut tebe spat'
Vse chto ty mozhesh' - eto tol'ko krichat'
I dumat' o tom, kak vse moglo byt'...
Cenoj pohoronennoj yunosti zhit'

Lica mertvyh druzej, lica mertvyh vragov
Ne vyrvat'sya mozgu iz strashnyh okov
Oskal sud'by smotrit iz temnoty
Prochti vse molitvy, chto znaesh' ty.We come on the sloop John B.
My grandfather and me
Around Nassau town we did roam
Drinking all night
Got into a fight
Well I feel so broke up
I want to go home

So hoist up the John B's sail
See how the mainsail sets
Call for the captain ashore
Let me go home, let me go home
I want to go home, yeah yeah
Well I feel so broke up
I want to go home

The first mate he got drunk
Thrown in the captain's trunk
The constable had to come and take him away
Sheriff John Stone
Why don't you leave me alone, yeah yeah
Well I feel so broke up
I want to go home

So hoist up the John B's sail
See how the mainsail sets
Call for the captain ashore
Let me go home, let me go home
I want to go home, let me go home
Why don't you let me go home, yeah yeah
Hoist up the John B's sail
Well I feel so broke up
I want to go home
Let me go home

The poor cook he caught the fits
And threw away all my grits
Then he took and he ate up all of my corn
Let me go home
Why don't they let me go home, yeah yeah
This is the worst trip I've ever been on

So hoist up the John B's sail
See how the mainsail sets
Call for the captain ashore
Let me go home, let me go home
I want to go home, let me go home
Why don't you let me go home, yeah yeah
Hoist up the John B's sail
Well I feel so broke up
I want to go home
Let me go homeA man come from other dimension
The one who cheated Death.
Make himself eternal
God of gods
Warrior of warriors!
He came down on Earth
In lightings chariot
Finding primitive life forms
Modified biological structures
Leaving signs so deep
In time, blinded by christianic ideas
By Christ who dreamed of power
Forgetting the origins and the past
The truth buried carefully
Inside humanity's mind
No one have ears to hear
No one have eyes to see
In these sacred books is written
"It will be back and show us the power
The way of immortaliy"
In a place long ago forgotten
In a sanctuary of gods
Guarded by mystic creatures
The Astral Gate revealed
Stands in front of us
Waiting for the true signs
To penetrate new horizons(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Good morning... Just woke up
Today is 20th of September
I wash and dress and then...
Good morning... Just woke up
Today is 15th of November
I wash and dress and go
Good morning... Just woke up
Today is 5th of May
I wash and dress and then... 

And the ceiling''s gone as
Heavy smoke. Am off into the
Stream of Night... so fragile...
To live another life of mine
Either forgotten or unhappened...
...A boat is cutting dark-green waters, I am watching it while dad is rowing
I spot a thread of smoke at the bank, a smell of food, somebody''s waving us...
We''re home, both tired, wet but pleased: today it was a perfect fishing.
My mom''s surprised and happy, so am I. She''s smiling, praising me, her son.
Am running, my sister''s joining me! It''s swing time, who''s the first?
We''re swinging so that apples fall and joy''s filling the garden.
And then we''re having evening meal outside, together.
Black-yellow tongues of fire are rushing up
Into the velvet sky, so magically stellated.
All of a sudden, a spark, it hits my eye...
Growing''s the pain to blow up the world and kill me back
Into the Day we all belong to...
Morning... Just woke up... 

And so it goes, day after day.
A pale-gray circle
Of indifferent decay...
I just don''t know
What still makes me wake up
To find myself surrounded
By the dead again...
...For buzz of bees and scent of pollen,
And can-docks over water''s deep,
For silver threads of warm rains fallen
For all it still dwells beneath the steep
For shady glades and sunny wild heaths
And golden meadows, where we''ve run,
For rapture of a careless child with
The taste of pinesap on his tongue...
For a night-bird''s flight across the river
Through the mournful toll of a lonely church
For after-dawn dew droplets quiver
And moths that dance in the light of a torch
For those who choose the pain of living
And bleeding wounds from that day forth.
For martyrs tortured, whose forgiving
Still helps the Skies to bear this Earth... 

I take a deep breath as the vision''s dying...
Those never fail who never dare
Bewept by none and cursed, we were just trying
To dream of what you''re not aware...
Of floating mists embracing lovers
And honey poured on just baked bread,
Of solid rocks and fragile flowers...
Yet nothing matters to the dead...(Instrumental)Beneath the world shrouded in cloud. 
I live a life, alone and in agonizing state of pain. 
After days of torment, being alone has taken a toll as I sit beneath this oak under a crying sky. 
Free me from life and experience everlasting silence, or suffer upon a world I'm rejected on. 

A Crying Sky, all we can do is try 
Melancholy weather, frost bitten soul all I can do is end this existence I call a life 

Beneath the world shrouded in cold 
My body sits under the oak 
my candle falls over, and strikes the ground. Burning the falling leaves... 
a representation of me falling to my knees. The tree of demise is burning a everlasting flame 
For I am dead now. 
All under a Crying sky.Total extermination!!!

Invoking the sword of black art
Invoking the sword of black art
Invoking the sword of black art

Invoking the sword of black art
Invoking the sword of black art
Invoking the sword of black art

Honor, sacrifice and blood
Militancy...shooting all
Ancestral warrior by excellence
Funeral winds, command by hate
Invoking the grave of war

Invoking the sword of black art
Invoking the sword of black art
Invoking the sword of black art(Instrumental)Inner lock surrounded by a freedom fiction
Brutal war against the pure wisdom notion
True nature of human race
In history is deeply hidden
Real aspect of human race
By instincts
Will be revealed
The moral
Has been blinding
What human
Has needed to feel
Invisibles wounds of wrong conscience
Engraved in entrails
Guilty of being
Savage assault of religious principles
Throws the shame on humanity
Hey, can't you make a choice?
Will you let the key in the hands of god
Or take it and try to live by yourself?
Break this inner lock or it will break you!
Savage assault of religious principles
Throw the shame on humanity
Turn over your eyes to find
The crypt within lives the passion's bride
Over your skulls a key is floating in the sky
Try to reach it until your blood gets dry...I think it would be amusing to sit here and write up a list
Just a list that describes the way I want to destroy myself
Not a simple suicide but a drawn out process of pain
This was all created in my head and can't I stop thinking it
I am taunted by the ignorance between us
I am taunted by the wraith I feel with in us
Solitude devastates me
Company oppresses me
People derail my thoughts
I feel sick again
So imagine what you would find on this list that I have created
A few hundred ways of self-mutilating pain caused by injusticeLife is nothing except loneliness
We have to live, we have to die
Nocturnal damnation in silence
Shout and scream beyond the elder evil

Grim arts with hatred
"Unconscious deeds"
Ritual begins
"Hatred comes forth"
Tyrants will rise
"Realms of the holocaust"
Mountains of hate 
"Will to power" 

Life is nothing except loneliness
We have to live, we have to die
Nocturnal damnation in silence
Shout and scream beyond the elder evil(Instrumental)With eyes wide-open he stares and scout for food to eat.
If it's alive or dead does not matter, meat as meat .
He deals with people who daily bothers his residence.
Decorates his crown of thorns with guts and infants.
A curse brought in his sick mind far away from heaven.
He takes his spear and slides it into pregnant women.

A cannibal with insane lust - and a life as a loner.
A Horrific person not to trust - death gives him a boner.
Piles solid heads on his spears - Loading for an orgasm
His vaginal third eye spurts tears with lots of enthusiasm.

He leaves his fruitful headdress and get into the city center.
With all his embellishment, they think he belongs a transgender.
But the truth is that he is a cannibal and likes to destroy.
Takes what is easily accessible and uses them as sextoys.
Cut up stomachs, coiled around and swim in the intestines,
gnawing, slurping, dawdling and frolicking substances.

Mainly attracted to lightly dressed women with menstruation
Takes a crap on dead victim for the sake of molestation
cuts off legs and arms and shovels them into the rectum.
He's an cattle with different approaches to get erection.
An independent cannibal in a misunderstood present.
He who gathers in dead infants - worn by pregnant.(Instrumental)Fuck you have an ugly head, your facial features will be dead!
I'm not a stabber or a slasher, I'm the cunt with a potato masher!

I'll mash your brain and smash your skull, the feeling in your head will dull.
You won't feel the obscure pain, as I mash away right at your brain!

To me your head is like a spud, I'll mash you 'til I see some blood.
Call me freaky if you will, potato masher, weapon of kill!Do you really think
I'm what you take me for? 
Why? 

Ego ut dei minister 
Praecipio vobis 
spiritus immundi 
ut recedatis 
ab hac creatura dei 

But I'm not your pray!Bodiless, confined in words
With wings spread out among the stars
Wandering through infinite universes
Appointed to radiance...

Visible only amidst the lightning
Your thunderbolt marks the world
Grazing in flames all of us...

Your power has many names
Not only in sense and scripture...
Proclaiming light of the world
To universes...
And all of those outcasts
Awaiting the brightness...

Visible only amidst the lightning
Your thunderbolt marks the world
Grazing in flames all of us...A lot of puppet governments
Had created by this U.S. multinational
It had got most of lands in Central America
In the years between '20 and '40
Local workers were squeezed
'Til their last breath
And every riot suppressed
With military bloodshed
Local people lived in subhuman conditions
This is the best way of colonial expansion
And this isn't a remote past
The present isn't too different"May you be the firebrand of the furnace of the earth..."

Come ye Sons of Celestial Fire, - Descend as of Olde!
To mix your seed with mortal kind and sire unlawful progeny divine.
As unto Qayin, at crossed-roads three, - The bloodline of wisdom, pass unto me.
For with this, my sacrifice, self unto Self, I am led
Into the Witching Fire of Tubal-Qayin!

Come ye Daughters of Ancient Night, - Arise and behold!
The path of the Blessed Serpent bright, - Fallen from heaven's black light.
As unto Calmena, at crossed roads three, - The bloodline of wisdom, pass unto me.
For with this, my sacrifice, self unto Self, I am led
To imbibe the envenomed Graal of Lilith!

"In the brazen Citadel, in the Hall of Flames,
I call upon Thee, Goat-Angel of the Golden Horns,
Master of the Primal Fire, AZAZEL-QAYIN, appear in Thy brilliance!
O flame breathing Daemon and Wizardly Smith,
Who forgest the iron weapons of victorious liberation,
Hearken to me, who am of Thy cunning seed, - The hidden house of AZAZEL!"
[Nigel Jackson - The Masks of Misrule]

From the bellow's breath, the flame is born, - That tempers the blade, forged by the Lord.
The hammer strikes to shape the blade true, - Through furnace and flame born anew,
Wielded now with steady left hand, - To pierce the hearts of woman and man.
All Hail, Sword of Judgment, cut to the core, - Strike fear in your enemies, Sword of War!
Rise, O Flame, ever higher, - Burn to ashes all within this pyre
At the Forge of Tubal-Qayin.

Come ye Children of forgotten Gods born, - Recall what was told!
The promise made in gardens of Eld, - When with the Wise Serpent, converse was held.
As with Seth, upon the Olde Serpent's Tree, - The fourth road of wisdom, shall set me free.
For with this my sacrifice, self unto Self, I am led
To embrace Death, the Master's revelation!

A conflagration of All, yet within detritus most foul arises - A crown and a might beyond Law!
Unum adversas omnia, the Opposer's path revealed,
All-Otherness resolved and in One Thing sealed.Surface of permanent street forms
Lost moments get impaled my presence fades away
Oblivious surface obscures my eyes
Strong with the desire of hate
As reality and vision united
Communion enlarge my darkness
With multitude of light
The still uncolored circle of seven senses
The visionary wheel of drifting desired shadows

Affections of remained rites
Filled by perfumes of past destination
A distant chaos far beyond
From what our eyes can see
The superhuman side within
A mixed movement of a demolished world

Unlocked narration of key elements
Creates the wall of past and future passing
Let's all wounds be now against our bodies
Release fantasy before the eyes
Runs sudden to the depth of subconscious

Decentness sun of night releases my fate
Half wayside of life and emptiness
Upland in distant night of galaxies
Glass awake the symbol of passage
Reflection demands the quest of existence

Kept upon illusions of fancy gateway
The sound of silence pours my body
Underground pyramid of blood
Creations and destructions of century boneAnd the part of Man 
Is the part of witches 
And the part of Man 
Is the spirit of witches 

Paradise of thy demonic host (4x) 

You enter into house 418 ov 21st century 
But remember now 
What is new came from that which is old 
And what is old shall replace that is new 
And once again the ancient ones shall rule upon the face of the earth 
Paradise, paradise of thy demonic host 

Paradise of thy demonic host (4x) 
Paradise (4x)I hide myself within my flower,
That wearing on your breast,
You, unsuspecting, wear me too
And angels know the rest.

I hide myself within my flower,
That, fading from your vase,
You, unsuspecting, feel for me
Almost a loneliness.

He touched me, so I live to know
That such a day, permitted so,
I groped upon his breast.
It's a boundless place to me,
And silence, as the awful sea
Puts minor streams to rest.

And now, I'm different from before,
As of I breathed superior air,
Or brushed a royal grown;
My feet, too, that had wandered so,
My gypsy face transfigured now
To tender renown.Face down in a plastic covered room I awake
My entire body's screaming from
excruciating pain

Abducted and kept in here for days on end
Defined to the mind of a man so vile

I've been beaten and burnt,
molested and carved in
He has peeled the skin off my back with a plane

And with a 40-inch lead pipe and
excessive force
He's turned my hands and knees into gore

Compulsive cruelty
My body's a canvas for his urge
A sick mind emerge
In this desperate time of need to god I turn
May my torturer's flesh in hell forever burn

A fierce panic sets in, as a new run begins
A sickening sensation as the drillbit meets the skin

Leaving gaping holes for my insides to pour through
My cries in vain "please end the pain"
spur him on even further

And then a fretting sting as the acid's poured in
A wretched sound of hissing
my organs frying within

Force-fed my daily drug to
keep infections from spreading
To extend the time of torture till
I remain no more

Nothing left to hold on to
All hope has faded away
Unheeded are all my cries
Begging for my demise

A painful path into the ground
Never to be foundI wander in darkness of my deepest thought in a vision of souls,
Alone I walk through the gates of a dream, on thy altair of stone
Beyond this world of magik I see the end of decay
The sabbath of black souls promises immortality to whom them obey
To whom they obey?
Spirits of Black Souls are filling the night
Enslaving my mind at the service of fight
The past and the present are joining in my mind
In that part of the forest that takes me in the Ancient Times Forlorn.
Rise of the Evil in the secret of wood, within my faeryland I wander
ALONE!I call your name in the darkest hour in solitude
Two years ago I was different kind of human
You made me strong Genesh
Wisdom
Mistery
Lividness of soul
Of soul
Altogether faded
Elephant Man
Winds talk to me I know that I'm touching strange individuality
If you were mine you will split yourself immediately
I live in everyone thoughts
Fragile souls dying in the predators crowd
I am the milionaire
Soul collector
In your will I'm the dweller
Bloody dreams untold
I got the plan for you
Start study somebody's face
When you'll ready I came
I'm the killer of myself
Thrill of the dark
It's stronger than me
Forcing me
It's like
Killing(Instrumental)Ride the horned victory. Side by side.
Steal the children from their graves. Disappear into the
night.
Vex the Virgins. One by One. Desecration.
Whe have won.

Ride the horned victory. Domination of the ghouls
Malevolence ruleth supreme.
In our hands whe hold the key.

Retaliation, thousandfold.
The pearly gates are blown (to pieces)
The patron saints have failed to save.
They shiver to the bone

Ride the horned victory, In league with master
Death...
Witching wisdom increash the woe, Altars fall and
Mankind, too...
Flagellation. Whipping winds.
Endless sabbat now sets in...

That day the final age began and everything was lost.
That night the spirits wept in pain before they turned to
dust.

Gargoyles swing the axe of terror in their blackest art,
Witches sing and dance and call, laugh and rip your
souls apart.

Ancient gods rise from their graves.
No return, it is too late.
Watch the breaking world in flames.
Sink in madness. No remains.

That day the golden halls were burned
and they were nevermore;
That day the heavens fell to earth
and everywhere was war.

All mankinde chained to agony.
All mankinde overthrown

Suffering from hellish plagues and countless firestorms.
Demons eat the flesh of mortals
Hung up on cacks and wheels
Impaled, the children one by one...
They are drowning in their screams...A demonic power rules over me.
Transformation and mutation are my creators.
I am hungry and greedy for flesh and blood.
Tearteeth in my mouth, claws at my hands, bloodthirst.
I see with the eyes of a wolf.
The smell of flrsh reveals me the victim.
Without trouble I tear the body of human.
The death has already touched him in the moment of my transformation.
Tonight every human is my flesh.
Because I see with the eyes of a wolf.
At dawn the coldness of moon fades out of my heart.
By day I see with the eyes of a damned human again.
By night see with the eyes of a wolf.Nowhere left to go
Nothing left to show
The end is near
Let's all beware
Morbid visions
In our minds
The death that
Satisfied the thrill
Until there is nothing
Left to kill

Walking through the path
Where no life dwells
And seasons of horror
Rule the sky
Winter manifests the time

Total destruction
Of mankind
No sense of time
Only disbelief
In everlasting moments
Moments of grief

Living in a place
Where the sun
Burns the sky
In a place
Where only
Death will surviveSolution
Dignity has no face
Collusion
I am, fallen from grace

Time is my tragedy or victory
All deserted in pride
In existence cloud my delight
My somber emblem and the agony field

"As depression pierces my heart,
my end is here
I climb the mountain high,
because shear-drop calls there"

I feel no fucking guilt
Look at the temple I have built
Prudence falls, but I was never here

Last breath upon the ledge
Goodbye and fuck you
I did never regard the edge
I fly away without wings...When the planets align
And the chaos distorts the moon
The shadows beyond the stars
Recover the flesh of unholy gods
Under cold bare desert worlds

Seeing through the singularity
Chaos nova the oldest vision
Pure transparency so close to our dimension

Chaos - receive my words and arise
Fleshless elements dream of returning
Protoplasmic waves pulse their way
Spilled from outer space

Shock Wave
Death call
Shock Wave
Eternal
Shock Wave
Crimson
Shock Wave
PulsarYou decide who to trust
But do it wisely and with haste
There's but precious time to waste

With fire and steel
We slay these men
Born of tainted blood
They bring plague to our lands
Death is the only answer
To the eternal questionGathered under a thousand stars, offerings are given to the marshlands. 

Tribal chants, discordant songs, echo through the hillside on the breeze. 

Like the silent forests, time stands dormant as a mountain. And the weakling dawn light is swallowed in the stillness of the morning. 

Entwined upon my iron stained skin, the beasts of the wildwood play. Dancing in the endless hunt. 

And from the clouds comes a call beyond the endless god of the sky, where dawn awakens to cries on the wind. 

Ritual of bone and soil, embers slowly rise. illuminating sacred kin, with hollow eyes and pale skin. 

With Eyes of wolf and wings of carrion born, 
We before the dawn, await your final call. 

Beneath the great hall of the sky we all shall live and we all shall die 

White raven, witness the sun wheels descent, as old oaks shed their leaves.The marshlands, fall silent in the dark. 

And through the swirling mists we gather at the coastline 
And look towards the horizon...He is the wicked man of shaven head
The personification of evil
Never again will appear a man like him
He is proud of himself 
His diciples contemplate him

I'm the master therion
666 - The great beast
The Iniquous. The satanist
Listen to me singing my satanic hymns 
With my Ordo Templi Orients
The imperfect men searching for the perfect evil

"Do what thou wilt. 
It shall be the whole of the law"

A toad croaks crucified at my altar
A woman writhes chained on my lord's table
I sodomise women and animals in my ceremonies
My tortures and sacrifices are to glorify the evil
An animal sacrifice is good 
But a human sacrifice is best

Sacrifices, degradation, obscenity, 
Wicknedess, deification, rituals, drugs
I'm the devil!!
Pervesity, mockery, sex, debauchery
Evocations, sorcery, spells
I'm perpetual
I'm Aleister Crowley & Ordo Templi Orientis

Evil by evil.
My ceremonies can never stop
Evil by evil.
The great beast prepares to attack

I ask to my scarlet woman: "quid velis?"
She tears to pieces her vest and says: 
"Ad sacrificium, offerre corpus meum"
After she lies bare on lord's table. 
I rise the dagger!!
She writhes, groans and yells
My diciplines caper to the table and shout:
"Laus Satani!!"

The Deification

"Ad gloriam. Ad majorem Luciferian gloriam"

Oh Angel of light. Lucifer. 
Star of the morning of intelligence
Venus. O Thou fallen from heaven
I, the sinistrous man, Aleister Crowley
Violated the whole athical code 
And blibical priciple 
Known by man in thy honor
I salute thee - o Lucifer
This sacrifice and these words
Thou protected my impure soul 
From the light of goodness
I can hear the funeral chant of my burial. 
A Black Mass.
My disciples chanting my satanic hymns for making
Hail god Lucifer!! Bring me the evil light!!

Total injuri, total disgust
I could be in the material world
But I'm fine here. 
I'm among friends. The evil spirits

Put satanakia, Tarchimache, Fleurity, 
Agalteraps, Sargathanas, Nesbiros, Syrach
I'm the devil
Bechard, Frimost, Klepoth, Khil
Merifild, Claunech, Musifin
I'm the perpectual
I'm Aleister Crowley & Ordo Templi Orientis

Evil by evil. The right man in the right place
Evil by evil. I hope you follow my advices

I follow the left hand path
I perform my rituals in Hell
I dominate the black arts
I hold the key of mysteries
I'm going to return to this world 
With my Horned God and his angels
Lucifer!!(Instrumental)Staring out beyond the shadows
To see a world of faces all the same
And find the light behind those darkened eyes
And realise the skies are more than grey

PRE-CHORUS:
Got the hunger but we're wanting more
Forever reaching higher
Remember what we're fighting for
The writing on the wall is

CHORUS:
Set In Stone
Set In Stone

Ghosts of the past now far behind me
Follow the path towards a brighter day
Now a fire lights inside those darkened eyes
Crucify the lies of yesterday

REPEAT PRE-CHORUS

REPEAT CHORUS x 2

SOLO: LT / LT / MARK / LT / MARK

REPEAT PRE-CHORUS

REPEAT CHORUS x 4 + AD LIBSOn the frostbitten fields of our country
In the dim of a winter full moon
Hear the breeze from the shades of the forest
As you stare at the towers of ice

Many nights through the snow you have wondered
Now you feel that your heart needs to rest
Gaze upon the magnificent landscape
Of the kingdom in which you were born

Let them not defeat, the knowledge that you reap

As a shadow among us you wonder
Many nightmares you caused among them
Who have hunted to kilt ail they fear
Ignorance is their way to prevail

Do not linger, the storm is upon you
Never stop, where you head is your home
To the kingdom where no man can hunt you
With the pack of the winter full moon

Let them not defeat, the knowledge that you reap

Uncrowned king of our land
Do not trust in a man
Ancient lord of the hills
You must prey of your kills
If you hunger for more
Sneak behind and be sure
That you hunt in the night
Cause they fear the moon light

Hail the beast that will conquer the land
When existence have ended for man
Hail the wolf as he roams with the clan
As the true northern king he will standGod whispered out to me from outer space
His voice echoed then disappeared without a trace...

Beyond the light of the sun...
Beyond the edge of forever...
I hear the angels sing...

[Chorus:]
Cydonia - city I see in dreams
City I see in dreams
Cydonia - shrouded in mystery
You stare out in space all alone

God's eyes stare down at me from outer space
He looked deep in side of me...a lonely place...

Beyond the light of the sun...
Beyond the edge of forever...
I hear the angels sing...

[Chorus:]
Cydonia - City I see in dreams
City I see in dreams
Cydonia - Shrouded in mystery
Cydonia - City I see in dreams
Starlight's majesty
Cydonia - Shrouded in mystery

You stare out in space all alone

[lead I]

[chorus]

[lead II]

[end]like a kiss from a forked tongue. mocking anything left inside. black veins used. deconstruct. collapsed. crumbled. carry on. smoked away every dollar. worthless in every sense. everyone reverts to shit. hollow smiles. hollow lives. I can't feel the warmth. is something missing? was it never there? what is the point of memory? to remind you that no one cares. cursed. free. addicted again.I follow that long path taking me
To abolition for I know its unconfessed secret.
I know I will find there the solution
To my diary corporal exuberances !!

Suddenly like a torrent of tears
Soaking my senses with thus fuckin' nectar
So full of spicy hatred.
Come, come to me, Supure !!

Flesh is my evil,
Evil is my flesh.
I must forget it, I must sacrifice it...
Burn, burn and purify me.
Burn my flesh !!

Subtracted from this nauseating tissue
I suffer, I suffer and I feel
What's really the elevation
So expected, beyond that sick flesh.

Suddenly like a torrent of tears
Soaking my senses with this fuckin' nectar
So full of spicy hatred.
Come, come to me, Supure !!
I burn, I burn, I burn, I burn !!(Instrumental)Now as I sit here, tied up by fear
Sentenced, but what have I done
I wanna know, who is the ruler of my fate
Who makes me want to die 
These bitter sweet feelings I feel
These immense sadness
Melancholie
The desire for the unknown

A mirror, a disgraceful pale face
An abused mind is what I see
Zero courage to face life
And I know there is no way outWhatever in this world you are going to find.
It's going to go, and you're going to stay behind.
You search for lust, or you crave desire,
He shall come and take you, in fire.

Your life will never, stay forever.
Wait. Await thy death.
Wait. Await thy doom tonight.

If your aim is to be evil, your choice is to be burnt.
If your intension is to murder, your fate is to be hunted.
They cry, they weep and pray for mercy.
But all they get is a desire of relief.
Your waste your life in lust of power.
But the one you forget does not forget you.
The silence sequel;
Wait, await your final slumber.
Wait for your final destiny.
Your unfortunate lies will mate with your soul tonight.
That is your final darkness.
That is your final destiny.Dreams will collide with the tragic sunrise
Thrones above cloudy skies horizons gleam

Wandering under the sun ancient kings beyond the seas
Visitors from the realms above

Legends perishing on the sands they say lions guard their
sleep doomed slaves... Souls soaked in tears

Suffering is present a restless mourning
The garden of afflictions an enlightened weeping

So sad is the way down in the lands of silence
Ancient immortal verses long forgottenworshipped in
processions

Mourning of legends buried by the sand
Moruning of legends buried by the sand

Suffering is present a restless mourning
Suffering is present a restless mourning

A storm of dark memories a supplication for forgiveness
and curses
A loud cry of pain sons of...

Chant of despair
Chant of pain
Chant of cold
Chant of rainFrom the necropolis up the hill
The beast will come
Looking at the children through the window
To scare them to death ----- with its dreadful face

Dread stalkest at night
The beast hidest in the dark
Can the children sleep tonight?
Are their curtains drawn?

Is the beast spying on their room out the street?
Or is it just their subconscious?

Is a knife under their pillow enough to ease them?
Will their heart sustain this dread every other night?Lyric by Triumphsword

Mists cover our lands
In the darkness of our forests
Pagan obscure celebrations worshipping
The night of our winter

Old spirits acclaim for the eternal  power
Old spirits of the lands of the south

The magic symphony of the moon
The magic pagan war
Of the supreme south
Worshipping the night where pagan gods sing

The sound of their swords
The frozen symphony that echoes in our lands

Old spirits acclaim for the eternal power
Old spirits of the lands of the south

In the middle of the misanthropic forests
The spirits celebrate the lands of the south(Instrumental)===Vreau===

Vreau
Vreau sa dai din cap
Sa imi faci pe plac
Distors
Vreau sa-nebunesti
Sa nu simiti durerea
Sari
In anarhie mori
Sunet de chitari
Acid
Riful ti-l dedic
Doar sa-ti fac placerea!

Foc
Foc in pieptul tau
Tunete, ecou
Volum
Difuzoare-n fum
Simti ca prinzi puteri
Volti 
Te trimit in corzi
Racnete si colti
Fiori
Rock iti intra-n pori
Metal curge-n vene!

REF: Vreau sa dai din cap
Sa imi faci pe plac!Only you
alcoholic and herbaceous bitch
wake up the sleeping beast of my
caverns and Polyphemus blinded
eye can see again

Happiness hugs me thinking of you
ecstasy catches me when you're inside
of me and my face smiles again

Only you
liquid partner flow in my veins
killing the child that sometimes
drives me mad and digresses
in my brain

Yes, you know I'm on a high
but you're provoking orgasms
to my cells and ejaculations
of joy to all the parts of my soul

Come in! green by my eyes
with your bitter smell
play with my tongue
burn under my palate
vulcanize my blood and
mix it with my thoughts

elevating me to the top
to the summit of my craggy
and mountainous existenceConquered and overcome, battled and bewithered
Contentious subjects relinquish their grasp
Surrendering a task desirable,
Yet desired by others
Renouncing a compulsion overthrown by the exiled

Implying the denial that one has been defeated
Accepting with haste the ensuing altruism

Horizons of forgotten ash,
they are rebuilt to form
Homage to the few true gods is repaid
Brick by brick, walls
and pillars are reformed
Paths of ancient tombs
and trails of crypts are laid

Reborn once again if only in remembrance
Yet the Cronum have only left in spirit
Apparitions, oppositions

Conquered and overcome, battled and bewither
Contentious subjects relinquish their grasp
Implying the denial that one has been defeated
Accepting with haste the ensuing altruism

Calling, calling to me, I see within my soul
Aeons upon dusk, I rest my weary eyesApostasy of unknowing

Aposthetic rebirth
Pious to the unknown
Reverent paradox
Revealed

Your faith is my void
Absolving the venerable

Venerable opprobrium of fallacy
Sacred allegiance of lies
Doctrine of inconsistency
Apostasy fulfilled

Aggrieved conceit
Gagging on your own rhetoric

Dissolve hierarchy
Blind obedience 
Recant parables
Of hatred
Deny leap of faith
Absurd remnants
Of a frantic
Necrophobe(Instrumental)I wish for death and I wish for winter
I wish not be even remembered
I live for death I live for demise
I am the one who nobody realizes

I am messiah I am Christ
I wish to die in holy cross
I am the one who wrongly born
I effort to die in the burn

I have tried to kill myself
I wish to win in this test
I am ready to die in anyway
I am ready to end this gray way

I am the one who should not be
I am the one who nobody feels
I wish to die I wish to burn
I wish to be torn(Instrumental)The Beast Is Back

Beast is back inside of me 
The beast is back... 

Would you offer your throat? 
Would you offer your soul? 
Would you offer your life? 
Would you die? 

Beast is back inside of me 
The beast is back... 

Would you offer your throat? 
Would you offer your soul? 
Would you offer your life? 
Would you die? 

Beast is back inside of me 
The beast is back...


=====================================

Thunderbelial

Thunderbelial the world is your throne 
My soul is your body 
Worship eternal 
Thunderbelial by thunder and smoke 
You are the fire in my soul 
Worship eternal 
Great black spirit pure and evil 
The master infernal 
Worship eternal 
Great black spirit pure and evil 
Hail thy powers, hail thy might 
Your eyes are the moon in the night 
Eternal sky, black shape 
The beast of thunder awakes"L'ange de mort"

Je n'ai sans doute nulle part ou aller
bravant les eclairs dune nuit d'orage.
Au sien des tenebres trouverais-je refuge?
Mon a*me se font dans l'obscurite.

J'avance a pas de loup dans cette nuit profonde
La lune si blanche est ma seule lumiere
Ecartant la brume surgit alors mon roi
Pleurant avec souffrance son enfant ephemere.

Litanies monotones elles transpercent les cieux
Et anvoutent a merveille les affres du temps.
Oh pere couronne viens sauver ton enfant
De ce triste destin de ce cruel moment.

Plus rein ne me retient que la douleur."No one had ever throught this day would really come to us. The Humans are the Beast, and the Apocalypse is ours."

Brutal sex in the bloodbath room
All humanity walking toghether
To the final torture
The innihilation of all existence
Huge blades over your heads
Ready to cut the whole world
Letting no one live
Leaving only the waste of the planet
Rotting with the years
Waking the master of eternal filth
Commander and guardian of the cellar
Keeping the infernal beasts
Unleashing them to the unstopable madness
Over the waste of the world
Feeding on torture souls
Observing time passing away, many years had gone
And the beasts have evoluted, mentally and physically
Becoming psycothic professionals of death
Now the only way to keep up the killing
Is to kill each otherSuspended in air by the hands, the feet held on red ember, she acknowledges under torture to having been attracted by prestige and phantasmagorias of demons. Story of one night to the Sabbat. Witches Hammer. She shouts her despair, her pain. Will she have absolution of a stinking and frustrated church? No! She will don the black dress, will be taken away on the stake. The flames lick her feet, go up her robe, burn her face and her hair. Appalling suffering. They didn't strangle her to be able to see her suffer. Her soul leaves her body. She realizes which she does not suffer anymore : she reachs a kingdom of freedom.Man limitation,
Sometimes even perceiving something
Sometimes even discovering:
"We bear common traits"

However:
For world I am non-existent,
I am just a process,
Fools think that my will can be manipulated.

For those who enforce limitations:
FOR CHAOS!
I fuck your logos!
CHAOS!
I rape your body!
CHAOS!
I distort your will!
CHAOS!
Run in insaneness,

Which year is it? Sequent months?
You cannot find a place for anything?
The void of existence you try to fill with:
Self?

Fool, reject ego!
FOR CHAOS! Be everything and nothing.
Pseudo-rapture and
expression of dissatisfaction
from human stupidity!
All development leads
to mad rush.
I can see you there!
You walk, rush like icebreaker.
Can you see yourself?
Do you consider your mask as yourself?
FOR CHAOS! Here is truth!
Why you do not look upon yourself
from perspective of other beings?
Are under your mask covered
any elements of free will?
Your ego enforces slavery
for all your surroundings!

FOR CHAOS!
I fuck your logos!
CHAOS!
I rape your body!
CHAOS!
I distort your will!
CHAOS!
Sethen: CHAOS!

Who is the one that develops you?
Belikely you claim it is yourself?
LIE! SIN!
I can see you running,
You barely keep up with your own seclusion.
I can barely see your movement,
They flareup with bright
light of the stars' mask!

Yes, it is you.
SLAVE! DOG!
Seed of overgrown ego!
Yes! It's stready you!
YES! You identify yourself with the rush,

FOR CHAOS!
I fuck your logos!
CHAOS!
I rape your body!
CHAOS!
I distort your will!
CHAOS!Breath of an ancient tongue
Stench of the spoken ones
Lingering voices of an age now past
Spew forth again corroding all I made to ash

I am the bodement
The pain of a bygone age
The cries of a genocide
Yet in the stars I now reside

Object of worship
Collective mind
A marionette of the blind

They tore me from my flesh and my bones
Seeking only an idol to praise

I cannot stand their words and their love
I must remove myself from the skies above

This torment must end
Call forth my demise
The fire no longer burns

I took to the heavens
Raised up the earth
You fools will never learn

So wither and rot
Alone with your strife
And watch your god
Take his own lifeFlying on a free flight
Driving all night with my machinery
Cause I
I got the power any hour
To show the man in me
I got
Reputations blown to pieces with my artillery
Whoa ho
I'll be guided in 
we'll be ridin'
Giving what you got to me
Don't you struggle
Don't you fight
Don't you worry cause it's your turn tonight

Let me put my love into you babe
Let me put my love on the line
Let me put my love into you babe
Let me cut your cake with my knife

Oh, like a fever burning faster
You spark the fire in me
Crazy feelings got me reeling
They got me raising steam
Don't you struggle
Don't you fight
Don't you worry cause it's your turn tonight, yeah

Let me put my love into you babe
Let me put my love on the line
Let me put my love into you babe
Let me cut your cake with my knife

Cut it
Let me, let me
Oooh

Let me, let me
Let me put my love into you babe
Let me put my love on the line
Let me put my love into you babe
Let me cut your cake with my knife

Oh
Let me put my love into you babe
Let me put my love on the line
Let me put my love into you babe

Let me give it all
Let me give it all
To you
To you
Give it all(Instrumental)(Instrumental)One flash - I see my life in front of me
One crash - it's fading from my mind
A journey incomplete, I was brought back from the light
Is this a destiny of fire? 

How can this be?
I'm lying in front of me
Family and friends are gathered around
I scream
But no one can can hear me
Surrounded by people I know but so alone... 

I'm watching from the other side
Bound to this flesh that clings to life... To life... 

Can't return - beyond the help of anyone
Can't move on - so much is left undone
Can't break out - set me free
So do what must be done - How can I make you see? 

So many days here by my side
So many nights I sit and cry
Can you see me?
Can't you hear me call your name? 

Sometimes I'm sure that you can see
It's like you're staring (back at me)
But you walk away, walk away...
Oh, can't you hear my cries? 

I see the world in a different light
I hear the words of those that think they have the right
The right to make a choice that isn't theirs to make
Playing God
They can never hope to ever understand... 

Pull the plug, flick the switch
Let me leave this life of hell
Let me die in my own way - it's my right 

They say it's wrong - they can't see
They'd do the same if they were me
It's time to set me free... 

It's time to go
It's time to leave - it's time to say goodbye
It's time to go
It's time to leave - and walk into the light 

It's time to go
You will know I'll be waiting for you on the other side
It's time to go
It's time to leave - goodbye.....The last morphing of identity
Fusioning with the nebular essence
Enlighted by the entrance of brutal complete disolution
No life, no death
Just cosmic dust or another universe
Disolving matter, distorted frozen symetry
Dislocating time, quantum crisis
Sculpted by chaos
I'm filament of eternal
Just a macro-virus, non-divine hand-made
I absorb the concept of Zero
I assimilate the tore of infinity
Becoming hyper-matter
Quanteaon I become time... I become time...There's a factory, a breeding ground of dreams,
everyone's down, down the same road.
I beat my destiny, only me in eternity.
On my way, where I create my part of life
without any mask, freedom in my heart.

From eternity through eternity
On a walk of souls
You're my mirror - Absolute
You're my mirror - No being

Stay six feet above.
Don't go to lands of shadows.
Free from sadness in a tower of wisdom,
watching a race of fools, then kill, kill your demons
Fight to don't go to lands of suffer.
I found a pure spring in a toxic place.(Instrumental)The seed of hate
throbs in my veins
envenoms my brain
I desecrate
my eyes are burning
ablaze and heading
hatred I'm learning
death I'm spewing

Demon fever
killing insane
to the true believers
taste my blade

Broken rules
the order fails
this stream of fools
chaos prevails
crush the symbols
of holy life
smearing blood
unleash my knife

Demon fever
killing insane
to the true believers
taste my blade (x2)

Mortals in pain
dying domain

Demon
fever (x2)

Mortals in pain
dying domain

Die! Die! Die!
Motherfucker!

Demon fever!Time to die
Time to die
Time to die

Marked by a star
so they'd always know what you are
a symbolic reminder of pain
a symbolic reminder of pain

Women and children enslaved
from the gas chamber on to the grave
remember the way they behaved
from the gas chamber on

Women and children enslaved
from the gas chamber on to the grave
remember the way they behaved
from the gas chamber on

Thrown to the pit
striped from your pride
crimes to commit
buried alive

Murder...

Time to die
Time to die
Time to die

Time for revenge
to bring ancestors souls back to sleep
this is the end
this is there endIn a burst of flame I came to be,
purified and washed of sin and evil,
I came to rule the domains of man,
to serve both strong and weak,

I live forever, so others can die,
blinded I am, so others could see,
in pain forever, you felt it none,
in chains I be,so you could be free,

your dues are paid, you're not in debt,
eternally peaceful you may be,
sleep in silence, feel the bliss,
embraced by divine conformity,

twisted reality rings its bells,
it is now the right time to die,
and finaly the great question yells,
am I God, or am I a lie ?Bloodletting the wings
Stamp-ling the glory
Mankind's end
End history

Through the darkness of night
The evil one rises
Torment in hell
Holocaust of masses

Burning sky
Horizon red
The plague of evil is here
Eternal damnation and hellfire
What you sincerely fear

Angel rape
Heaven on fire
The eternal night will come
The soldiers of Satan's army
Spare the life of none

Thorns in his skull
For this fucking salvation
The believers of Christ
In spiritual starvation(Instrumental)Frozen Blood ceases to flow
Covered in Frost and Snow
Arctic world no sun in sight
Dark and Cold forever

Inhabitants of Another world
They do not belong here
The world of the Ice Eternal
Is the home of the Living DeadVisions of another place
I've washed my sins away
A new day has come

March into the abyss
In my quest for harmony

I search so long for the silence
For some peace of mind
Night and day
I seek a chance for redemption
My path for heaven lies ahead

Lines in the sand
Are guiding me into the land of tomorrow
Lines in the sand
Voices from the other side
Are calling me

So let the wind just carry me away
And guide me to my destination

I'll spread my wings and fly
Higher than the mountains, than the sky
Far beyond imagination

Lines in the sand
Guiding me in to the land of tomorrow
Lines in the sand
Echoes from the other side
Would you follow meThe time has come...
For me to leave this putrid world.
As i have no more purpose to fulfill.

Eternal sleep awaits me.
As i give my life to the dying lands.

Sorrow weeps upon these landscapes.
Tears frozen in the nightly winter breeze.
Her last beauty has been put to repose.
The call of mother nature no longer remains....

"The say the time has come,
For me to leave this putrid world..."

Death dwells on these fields which once retained life.
Now grown with filth and disgust by the hand of man.(Instrumental)The hatred within me, a gift I once revered
Grow now like a cancer on my soul
An unwelcome friend eviscerates the heart
Leaving a spirit withered and broken

I was torn apart by my demons
Now it's time for me to take control
I must rid myself of these demons
But do I want to let them go?

Reforged in rire and carved now into stone
A monument to obstacles overcome
Hurt the one you love and show you love yourself
This is all I've ever learned or known

I was torn apart by my demons
Now it's time for me to take control
I must rid myself of these demons
But do I want to let them go?

[Solo: Elliott]

Addicted to the cycle of this tumultuous life
Inspiring abundant tortured art
You know it's darkest right before the dawn
So bathe in eclipse and rope to be reborn

I was torn apart by my demons
Now it's time for me to take control
I must rid myself of these demons
But do I want to let them go?(Instrumental)Obscurity hides the plateau
Stars darken in their place
Nanna's glowing above
Illuminates the silent scenery

(Chorus)
Seven they are Yezidi's call
Aeon of night Eager to Prevail

From the mountains of dawn they cry
The call of the frantic god
From the womb of mother earth they scream
The wage of creation and sin

("The sleeping lord awakes
Tiamat pulls at her chains,
The blind phantom rages
Azag Thoth howls
Vibrations at the black ether's edge
As nocturnal fear penetrates the land
Ecstatical celebrations at their zenith
The seven sharpen their claws...")

Winds emerge from the east
Deep, dark water moves
Even the cold it don eclipses
When they adore the dog-faced beast

(Chorus)

As they admit the infernal tide
The eye on the throne derides
The old gods and their tribes
in chaos Tiamat laughs pride...Transilvanian hunger cold, soul 
Your hands are cruel... to haunt, to haunt 

The mountains are cold... soul, cold 
Careful pale, forever at night 

Take me can't you feel the call 
Embrace me eternally in your daylight slumber 

To be draped by the shadow of your morbid palace 
Ohh, hate living... The only heat is warm blood 

So pure... So cold 
Transilvanian hunger 

Hail to the true, intense vampires 
A story made for divine fulfillment 

To be the one's breathing a wind of sorrow 
Sorrow and fright the dearest katharsis 

Beautiful evil self to be the morbid count 
A part of a pact that is delightfully immortal 

Feel the call freeze you with the uppermost desire 
Transilvanian hunger, my mountain is cold 

So pure... Evil, cold 
Transilvanian hungerItech Motzonteco
Titlamama Motlemaiztin
Itencopa Tohuen
Mitzhueyichihuah
Tlatlatoc, Cuettlaxihuini

Tihuhueyixtica Itzalan In Achtohui
Xiuhtin,
Tleinquintepan Inaltepetl
Ihuan Noihiyo

In Xiuhcoatl Imachiyo,
Xiuhtecuhtli

Monahualli Motlaquen
Mahuiztililloni
Cohnepanohl Tlein Nahui Ehecatl

In Cemanauac Ixic,
In Cahuitecuhtli(Instrumental)Sunlight into the end and dark breed a new day
Now we'll prepare our lives to keep eager our faith
Soldiers of metal walking through the frozen souls
Showing the rage to set our flag into this world
So we fight!
DIE
Soldiers that don't fight to win
HATE
Flowing in my veins to destroy
TIME
Time to the battle begin
DEATH
We are it
Fast we ride we're Soldiers of Sunrise
Run and win the world
Strong we fight we're Soldiers of Sunrise
Break the chains of all the time tonight
Masters of reason make mistakes and you take the blame
The truth was made only to serve who have more age
But the rebellion comes today when we're united
To break the rules and chains that don't let us have rights
Now we are millions we are united by our hearts
Our sun will always bright when we'll be in the dark
We fight for metal and the sunrise is our sign
To start of the whole end with the force that we have foundI LEAD TO THE STRAIGHT PATH WITHOUT A REVEALED BOOK; I DIRECT ARIGHT MY BELOVED AND CHOSEN ONES BY UNSEEN MEANS. ALL MY TEACHINGS ARE EASILY APPLICABLE TO ALL TIMES AND ALL CONDITIONS. I PUNISH IN ANOTHER WORLD ALL WHO DO CONTRARY TO MY WILL.

NOW THE SONS OF ADAM DO NOT KNOW THE STATE OF THINGS THAT IS TO COME. FOR THIS REASON THEY FALL INTO MANY ERRORS. THE BEASTS OF THE EARTH, THE BIRDS OF HEAVEN AND THE FISH OF THE SEA ARE ALL UNDER THE CONTROL OF MY HANDS. ALL TREASURES AND HIDDEN THINGS ARE KNOWN TO ME; AND AS I DESIRE, I TAKE THEM FROM ONE AND BESTOW THEM UPON ANOTHER.

I REVEAL MY WONDERS TO THOSE WHO SEEK THEM, AND IN DUE TIME MY MIRACLES TO THOSE WHO RECEIVE THEM FROM ME. BUT THOSE WHO ARE WITHOUT ARE MY ADVERSARIES, HENCE THEY OPPOSE ME. NOR DO THEY KNOW THAT SUCH A COURSE IS AGAINST THEIR OWN INTERESTS, FOR MIGHT, WEALTH AND RICHES ARE IN MY HANDS, AND I BESTOW THEM UPON EVERY WORTHY DECENDANT OF ADAM. THUS THE GOVERNMENT OF THE WORLDS, THE TRANSITION OF GENERATIONS, AND THE CHANGES OF THEIR DIRECTORS ARE DETERMINED BY ME FROM THE BEGINNING.The prince of the darkness sent out his servants
To protect the son of darkness
They resemble man and beast and will risk their lives for him
Within their souls dwells the demonic
They are meant for their master
See the blackness in their eyes
The light on earth will shine no more
Armies of ravens are on his side
No one can escape their spell
Beastly rottweiler in the shadow of the night
In their muzzles greed for holy blood
They are the servants of the twilight
Ready for the fight
They are the servants of the twilight
No one can hide
They are the servants of the twilight
They keep the Christians away
They are the servants of the twilight
To protect the unholy one

With the power of the dark evil
They will rear his kingdom
Many had to die as well as his family
From the mists of perdition
They play their games
The only purpose in their lives
Is to die for him

And in the shadow of the wolf he will come
The winds to become his weapons
He will tolerate no one beside him
So he will also murder his brother

The false prophets prepare the country for his rule
His energy is reflected in their bodies
The shouting of the raven lets the world stop in it's tracks
The barking of the gods lets everything shiver with fearAM ONE WITH SATAN.
I AM THE HORNED BEAST.
I AM THY MIGHTY EMPEROR.
RULER OF THE DARK DOMAIN.
MY BODY IS A TEMPLE.
WHEREIN ALL DEMONS DWELL.
A PANTHEON OF FLESH AM I.
AM I.

HAIL ME THE HORNED ONE I AM THE BEAST.

I AM THE TRUTH.
I AM EVERYTHING.
WHEREVER LIFE IS BORN. I AM THE FLAME.
WHEREVER DEATH WILL STRIKE.
I AM THE KNIFE. WHEREVER EVIL DWELLS.
I AM THE ONE BEHIND.

INFRONT OF THE INEFFABLE KING OF DARKNESS.
YOU SHALL DIE !!!

I AM ONE WITH SATAN.
I AM THE HORNED BEAST.
I AM THY MIGHTY EMPEROR, RULER OF THE DARK DOMAIN.
MY BODY IS A TEMPLE.
WHEREIN ALL DEMONS DWELL A PANTHEON OF FLESH AM I.

HAIL ME THE HORNED ONE I AM THE BEAST.

REGE SATANAS, AVE SATANAS, HAIL SATAN !
REGE SATANAS, AVE SATANAS, HAIL SATAN !Like a dying - a thin and pale shape,
a woman swept in a veil sees stumble out
of the castle in the deepest of Transylvania
Lead by her lost brain, sick mind
I sadness she listens, her face is burning
Her face is burning

Her face is burning
Her cold body is dead
Up goes the moon in the gloomy sky
I sadness she listens to 

The mild song of death
that her longing has waked
A mild tune from the darkness within
The mild song of death
that her longing has waked
A mild tune from the darkness within
From the tree of her gallow

Again the moon swept out of the black clouds and slowly back
Again the moon swept out of the black clouds and slowly back
Soon the dawn will come

And slowly she walk back into her castle
like a palegrey shape
Soon the dawn will come for the last time
Soon the dawn will come for the last time
Soon the dawn will come!I transcend from fire to fulfill my purpose 
To rid the earth of the filth that festers in 
Every corner 
Mindless slaughter 

DOMINATION, EXTRICATION 
Wrap my garrote around her neck 

MUTILATION, MASTURBATION 
Asphyxiation brings death 

FORCED CASTRATION, ERADICATION 
Her eyes roll back inside her head 

ANNEXATION, DEGRADATION 
Life escapes, there is nothing left 

Let the blood flow through the streets 

I hunt at night to find a victim for my perverted cause 
She will not go willingly so I must take her by force 
I shall suffocate her and remove her fucking air 
But first, I must inform her that I do not fucking care 

DOMINATION, EXTRICATION 
Wrap my garrote around her neck 

MUTILATION, MASTURBATION 
Asphyxiation brings death 

FORCED CASTRATION, ERADICATION 
Her eyes roll back inside her head 

ANNEXATION, DEGRADATION 
Life escapes, there is nothing left 

Let the blood flow through the streets 

Choking out the slut on which I will feast 
Bending the corpse backwards, over the street 
Revenge is my endgame 
She will no longer take my name in vein 

She will never see the light of day again 
The time of filth has come to an end 
She has no right to say her goodbyes 
I will remind her what a slut she was before she fucking dies...and you won't ever know the fear!
Preaching the hatred doctrine
I gaze at my brothers in arms
They've not drunk their fill of blood yet! 

They march towards the Reaper's blade
The altar of their master bleeds
Of sacrifice lords spawn power
Here will be shed a flood of blood 

A flood of blood, a flood of blood, YOURS! 

[solo] 

A flood of blood, a flood of blood, YOURS! 

Brothers, let the battle begin
Civilization deserves retribution
In their eyes we are "savages"
But contempt is no weapon in ours! 

A flood of blood, a flood of blood, YOURS!Take to task the right of man 
Doin' everything he can 
Make sure that she's miserable 
(I'll) Love her like I understand 

No more of you, I'm fucking sick of inabilities 
I bet it's fun to cut and bleed me with a breeze 
A gust of lust that fills my pores 
(A) Light that might just melt my core 
You melt my... 

I wake up, gasping for air 
My eyes bounce back and forth 
Searching for something familiar 
A face, your skin 

So close!I summon thee Asmodee, archangel of impurity
Disclose before us Shemhamforasch
I conjure thee Chashmodai
Spreading chaos Anno Domini
Lepaca Aeshma Lepaca Daeva

Exhilarated lust by carnal desire
Now that lust comes the 7 deadly sins

I am daemon king Sidonay
Under Lucifer my emperor
Violent taking throne of Salomon
Then aim to disgrace Tetragrammaton

I summon thee Asmodee, Ye that knoweth astronomy
Raging fiend who foretell future
I conjure thee Chashmodai
Come chaos come mystify
Lepaca Aeshma Lepaca Daeva

Exhilarated lust by carnal desire
Now that lust comes the 7 deadly sins

I am daemon king Sidonay
Under Lucifer my emperor
Violent taking throne of Salomon
Then aim to disgrace the whole fucking Tetragrammaton

The one who fall to Asmodeus ways
Will be sentenced to an eternity
In the second level down the abyss of hell
Deleriant to fumble astray

By the powers of Amaymon
We call thee Asmoday
To giveth ring of virtues
And showeth where treasures lay

I summon thee Asmodee, halfbreed of incestery
Tubal-cain mated sister Naamah
I conjure thee Chashmodai
Belches fire, purify
Lepaca Aeshma Lepaca Daeva

Exhilarated lust by carnal desire
Now that lust comes the 7 deadly sins

I am daemon king Sidonay
Under Lucifer my emperor
Violent taking throne of Salomon
Then aim to disgrace Tetragrammaton(Instrumental)The Wind howls my name in the distance
I can hear him beckoning me to impending doom
I am a wanderer, a child of the moon
who's silvery glow warms my icy soul
the black flame of Satan lights my path to the left
My sword is never heavy for i am given great power
Unending fury pours from my fingertips
Unleashing that which devours
Through Burning Eyes we see visions of Ragnarok
spears fly through the thin mountain air
penetrating to the very heart of man
that which i loathe with an undying passion
Unsheathe shimmering silver
slipping through the flesh with heat of hatred
waves of energy immerse me in blood-lust
tasting bittersweet glory, fueling the embers
Five elements light up the night, suppressing the will to fight
rolling on soft wintry earth lie heads on my enemies
my Sword is never heavy for i am given great power
Power of the bringer of the unlight
Ethereal winds whisper my name
As i fade into the misty mountainsMagic trees of mesmerizing wisdom
Are the witnesses of pagan ceremonies
Ancient ruins of glorious days
Summoning the secrets of yesterday
In the dark forest at night
Petrified voices roar
Statues of beings once alive
Undead creatures waiting for you!

Angels are falling
By the lightning of your black eyes
Shinning like the blood of the unlight...

Reincarnation is a mirage
As your soul burns in hell
Everything that was alive
No longer lives, all is dead

I feel and cannot touch...
I hear and cannot see...
Astral possession gathers in me
From this day to eternity
Connecting two worlds
With a single wish
Eliminating the weak
With his bestial sword

Angels are falling
By the lightning of your black eyes
Shinning like the blood of the unlight...

Reincarnation is a mirage
As your soul burns in hell
Everything that was alive
No longer lives, all is dead

Your darkest past is alive
Full of truths and misery
Put your life to an end
As you search for a new me
Start the engine of eternal life
Bring death to your knees
The bottomless pit is spiting fire
As your soul knows it's free!

We shall betray the light
Giving night a new start
A path to the unknown land
We shall embrace the dark...(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Denounced from happiness
Renounced from cheer
My future crushed under the iron
Of inevitable death and dust
behold the darkened rotting womb
Where suicide grows

I am a puppet dancing
To a cruel Gods beat
Misery jerks on the strings
Breaking my bones cruelly
Sick, perverted and violent
Their hands covered in blood

I live a life to be proved wrong
A journey through this damnation
My pain is growing day by day
No drug, blade or burn takes it away
Isolation and sadness are all that is consistent
The only thing I can rely on forever

Nothing is more pure than this
i hunger for the feel of dark death
Bleach my soul to remove the stains
A never ending wish for this end
To the isolation and sadness I feel
I give up, there is no more use for this lifeI walk outside my soul
And follow the dark path
Where the serpent drowns the sun
Follow the dripping spears
To the secret shrine of flesh within
Towards chariots that carve the crimson sky
The moon rises among the mist

Visions come on flaming wings
From land that lie along the sky
I ride the winds
I break the skull of the face of god
And the moon sinks in the shadows that dream
Reveal a city of towers and people who shun the light
I hear them whisper among the leaves

I have drowned my soul
I dream behind my eyes
I curse the mortal sight
For their voices fashion a crown of silence
Over my horns the carrions sing
The bale my heart to the night's unrest
The breath of frozen hate never dies
I drink the floods of glory
Over again I fly on the wings of the night(Instrumental)There is no sleep
No sleep inside this 
Casket with me
A room I am bound to
Life crawleth into crimes
And dances to a quire
Within my skull behold
The final lesson the 
Last words they sing
As they swim in my own
Blood drinking the poison
Cleansing my foul flesh
Before the earth
Consumes meA small wooden door in silence
With cold tears they visit all
Each step with fear and anguish
The stench of sweat upon the walls

Low singing in voice of sadness
One choir, one endless song
Each note with dismal breathing
And trembling words unknown to none

-Here upon the narrow stairs
We wander, miss the day
Here upon the narrow stairs
Faced downwards in mournful elegy-

A small wooden door in silence
-With cold hand he visits all
Each step with fear and anguish-
With roses blooming on the walls

Low singing in voice of sadness
One man, one endless song
Each note with dismal breathing
And trembling words reaching to none

-Here upon the narrow stairs
He wanders, see the day
Here upon the narrow stairs
Faced upwards in mournful praise-

-'They seek to harm the fallen
Their hands to steal the sun
They fail to hear the calling,
Van geestenbloed, in the near of light'-

-These words written underneath the feet
Where eyes don't drift and sight won't meet
Here upon the narrow stairs-

-'I seek a room of light. Where trees are known
for sustenance and leaves to bring the shade.
I seek the mist in which to dwell, to hunt with hand
and hunt with mind.- Where gods have failed to leave
things foreseen behind the golden doors and a small
wooden door in silence. -Here upon the narrow stairs.
En niemand die kan volgen.'-sacrifices living in dark forest
they are awaiting death
ventols attack to them in fog
they kill and eat them

humans will die by eaters of dead
ventols attacked to sacrifice
torture goes on every night
fresh meats eaten
fresh meats gnawed
smells of blood, removed guts
cut heads, hecatomb in dark

ceremony of death was horror again
animalistic instinct won again
bloody pieces spreaded to everywhere
fresh corpses eaten by eaters of dead(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Cosmic death, the gate to timeless carnage
Infinite in blackless, boundless interstellar tomb
Phenomenal empire, mega verse now imploding
Buckling beneath momentous might
Prey to expanding blackness, swallowed by itself

Thwarting the conquest of humanity
aberration within the fabric of existence
Conjectured arrival of the apocalypse proves true
Unrestrained upheaval of every living universe!

Radiate, super clusters silenced
Vacuous vehemence absorbs time
Past and future collapse into nothingness
Extinction upon us, frozen forecast evermore
Eons eclipsed in absence of light
Your god commands the solar destruction

Retrogrades writhe under force of the devastation
Planets must collide grinding matter into dust
Tidal abominations wipe bare the cosmic slate
Unrestrained upheaval of every living universe

Behold the failure of creation to serve itself
Anoint the arrival of an insane new infinity

Pitch black presence within and without
Propels Macro cosmic might
Sub solar spirits compel evolution to stagnate
In the vacuum of time

Spiral chaos sets Holocaust's into action
Multiple raptures descend
Purging of faith again and again
Non dualistic beings supersede the cosmic death
Infiltrating within infamy, into cross dimensional lairs

Plunging deeper, into the void where Heaven fell to hell
Forge from blackness a supreme energy, birth unto fire
A synagogue enshrined amongst flames
Defying the cosmic rule binding us
Impart the impossible, outwitting the gods
with alchemy unrestrained
defeat the process imprisoning us
tedious life that never ends
eternal cosmic conspiracy, inscribed into the flesh
until we burn!"A glimpse at fading twilight
And cries no one can hear
Leaving dimensions waiting
For a coming time of fear"

Forced with the powers of magic
A soldier
Travelling the outer space of tomorrow
A warrior
Fighting for the survival of mankind

Through gates he stepped to search his eden
Facing demons everlost
A feast of flesh and evil desire
The greed of hate embodied in chaos

A bizarre world so strange and dark
A black scenery in unhearing silence

Raging hordes of red-eyed demons
Revealing the face of hell beneath
A shallow emptiness
Laid in fire

Bestial powers raise their claws
To tear the mortal flesh apart
Apocalyptic force
Curse of the mortal

Farewell my soul
Hell is calling.Horses, what delightful bright
As I fear his darkness mind
What our Father shall be say
If he's gonna go our way

Horses, what delightful bright
As I fear his darkness mind
What Dark Father should be say
If he's gonna go our way

Raise my eyes
There's broken dam
Shores beneath it
Fiery horse

Painted fear inside her nose
Coming out thru frightened eyes
Flashing light delightful bright
As I fear his darkness mindLost inside as you may seem,
Her silver emanation is present to guide.
Absolution will cleanse you as she sings,
A blessing filling the void that consumes.
A promise of salvation.
Visions of aeons passing by,
Wisdom and might reigning,
Your Ego awakens from it's slumber.

Celebrate your crepuscule nature,
Rid of your innocense and grace,
Crush the righteousness of your creation,
Crucify the saviour inside.

Accept the enlightment of Her holliness,
give way to the desollution that beckons.
Shatter to a million particles
Mend to a perfect being.

Devise Her vessel,
Prepare your body,
Prepare your soul,
Conspire to accept.
She is with you now,
She embodies the Light,
She has the answer,
She holds the truth.

For She is you,
One with the Moon.Ailing congregations receive the sacramental toxin, 
the blessed host tainted with sarin and cyanide.
The poisonous consumption of corrupted divinity,
a foul ordinance to envenom the faithful.
A sacred ritual of defiled holy flesh and blood,
the flocks devouring carnality in unholy communion. 
Chemical Eucharist,
Chemical Eucharist..
Systematic execution concealed by Divine Liturgy,
forsaken lambs slain by the Holiest Sacrament of Christ.
Within befouled temples of the pious,
genocidal salvation awaits the devout.Under streetlights, I was sneaking
I was loking for the thunder

You could feel my heavy breathing
While I was drowning, going under

I'm still hiding from my shadows
Smiling on the wall
I am screaming on the inside
But there's no escape at all

There's a virus in my veins
I can't keep these hands from shaking
Living in my private hell
With this virus in my veins

I tried to stop me, tried to tame me
Ignore the voice inside my head

Still my mind is like a prison
Locked away until I'm dead

I'm still hiding from my shadows
Smiling on the wall
I am screaming on the inside
But there's no escape at all

There's a virus in my veins
I can't keep these hands from shaking
Living in my private hell
With this virus in my veinsI am the vengeance, I am the hate
We are the demons, that are storming heavens gate

Attack, charge, kill
Bring down the walls
Burn down the crosses
Make the women whores

(We) bring blood to the streets, and death to the peace
Burn down their laws, and tear down their Gods

Attack the pearly gates
Smash them to the ground
Tear down their thrones
Bring the Gods down
The flames of burning churches
Lights a brave new world

But still there is war, and their helter helter
And still there is blood, cos we bring helter skelter

War storming vengeance
Stormtrooping hate
Skull fucking violence
Violent fucking hate

[Repeat Chorus]

[Repeat 1st Verse]

Attack, Charge, Kill
Bring down the walls
Burn down the crosses
Make them fucking ours

(We) Bring blood to the streets, and death to the peace
Burn down their laws, and tear down their Gods

Attack the pearly gates
Smash them to the ground
Tear down their thrones
Bring the Gods downGrey heaven, grey sky
We are about to die
No reason, no gift
To be born and to live

One mission, one trip
On a guideless ship

Open yourself for chaos
Open yourserlf for hell
Open yourself for chaos
Open yourself

My path
My goal
Obsessed soul

Illumination through eclipse
Elation through death
Obliteration for the whore
Howling screaming dying

Mankind is a dying whore
Mankind is a dying whore
Mankind is a dying whore

What man can dream
All that have been
Falls into black

Open yourself for chaos
Open yourself for hell
Open yourself for chaos
Open yourself

My path
My goal
Obsessed soulFertilized with simple lies
Then forced into the act of suppression
Rejected in this direction by choice
Neutralized, but forever marked as a traitor

Revival of Torment

How could you underestimate the affection?
How could you be so paralyzed?
Slithering through the past is your self inflicted guilt
You will never contain the present
And the future will slip through your hands

Suffering from a life disease deep within
It shall flourish inside and drown you until you're dead

Revival of Torment

Suffering from a life disease deep within
Only you can set me free

Revival of TormentA calling is heard, our weapons are drawn.
The spirit burns in the sky, the elders to the beat of a thousand hooves.

Fires light the way to eternity, torches borne of the hated enemy.

Stand strong against thy will, the spear conquers the flesh, the steel digs the grave.  Look upon defeat, look upon a new war.

For now is undone, and from he heavens battles eternally reign.  Under malice of night, and by the  winds of old we make our stand, under the blaze of heaven, under the fall of man.

We are king...It is the wish of the band that these lyrics are not displayed in public out of repect towards Von Blodfrost who died 2004-02-14Ancestors from the ancient past
Lie frozen in the halls of death
Within the winds from worlds beyond
Memories of blood and steel lives on

Lies! Corruption and depravity
For your poison will not harm our souls
We accuse you, oh god of spineless parasites
Who created the veils and chains of slavery

From the dawn of time, you try to break our spirits
We refuse to bow before your cross
The prison of time, a cosmic wheel of seven circles
Will be transcend with wings of fire

We walk the path of the adversary
We oppose the laws of the jewish god
Inverting his values in rebellion and blasphemy
We are your opponent!

Give praise to the angel of intolerance
Who let the heavens tremble and the stars shatter
We'll free ourselves from this cosmic tyranny
We are your opponent!

Serpent of Old - Grant me the keys to Thy kingdom
Serpent of Wisdom - Reveal the arcane paths
Serpent of Light - Grant me the gnosis of the abyss
Serpent of Fire - Ignite my inner flameI hear the virgin's squeals from below 
Just men's moan echoes through the 
Ice Vacuum 
In Darkness I see the cracking pearl 
And flows of melted gold around 
The twelve gates were blown up by Fire 
By Fire from Hell, by Fire of Death 
Wings of Satan covered the Abyss Of 
Cosmic Chaos 
There is no Second Death for Beast and Hell 
In Burning Universe 
The seven angels are condemned 
To Eternal Death by Court of Dead 
Three Demonic Spirits and Kings of the Earth 
Extol the Victory 
Menstruating tree of life is turned into ash 
Its leaves will never heal the peoples 
Ridiculous cubic city is only past now 
And its name will be forgotten 

lyrics by Abysslooker 
music by AbysslookerDecay, gatherer of bone 
Wanderer, Mother of all 

Flesh of the mountains 
Bones of women 
Chaser of the horizon 
Healing wounds of old 

Clay and dust filled marrow 
Rib and broken tooth 
Singing death into life 
Soothsayer of the deafening night 

Dreaming totems alive 
Women of the wolves survive 
Singing over the bones 
In moonlight shifts come to life 

She is the all Mother 
Dawn, day and night 
Priestess of the dead 
Hekate, ancient Seer of sight 

World between worlds 
Nod, home of the Mist 
Impresses upon our flesh 
Ancient order of the sacred 
River beneath the river 

La Loba 
Hear me now 

Decay, gatherer of bones 
Wanderer, mother to all 

Flesh of the mountains 
Bones of women 
Chaser of the horizon 

Buried deep within 
Memories of primal past 
Mending roots of kin 
Shape shifting we emerge from ether again 

Drawing in the night 
Thriving in secrecy 
In illumination all stand 

Wildness grows severe 

Hunting among the stars 
Ageless transformation scars 
Escape from this world 
With the sharpness in spirit 
We must all adhere 
The presence of her odor 
The sweet decay of rotting wood 
A homeland lost to arrogance 
I'm alone where others once stood(Instrumental)There is a house in London
Where even in winter time
the windows are always open wide
There is a house in London
Where incense burns at all hours
concealing a much less pleasant smell
A sour stench that mingles with
the scent of burning oil

There in Melrose Avenue
so many guests come and go
some come to stay
Some of the guests come to stay
At one hundred ninety five
so many people come and go
but too many guests come to stay
Neatly lined under the boards of the floor

Summertime
the maggots are crawling everywhere
smoke can't keep the flies away
Dennis finds harder to tidy up the house

Tossing salt upon the rotten flesh
wiping it away to rid the bodies of worms
extracting bowels, liver, heart, and lungs
dissecting corpses, packing limbs and head
to carry them easily to their funeral pyreIt comes to take me. In its woven chamber. To winding. To life. To take my last breath. In it's hands. All the rivers rot. In it's hands. All the heavens rot. In it's hands. In the lost ages. Of it's sneaky arts. It holds me. To steal. My shine that last forever. In it's hands. In it's hands. All the rivers rot. In it's hands. All the heavens rot. In it's hands. When it's dark. When it's cold. When the sun eclipse forever. Then it's time. The it's wrote. Then it's ready to transform. Now call me isolation. Death and life rotation. Now call me god of the woven art.These guidelines etched in stone
Written by and for the dim and blind
Truly the only reason for the sheep
to stray from the path ov chaos

Commandments for those who are fools
Too blind to tell right from wrong
The wise need no shepherd
As they roam the left hand path

Wisdom has ascended upon me
As adviced by the wise serpent
I have eaten from the tree ov knowledge
Now I see the desceit wrought by Elohim

The salvation lies not within the stone walls and scripture
but in the freedom ov man and laws unwritten
Conscience unguided by laws ov lambs
godless being above the worms

Thus spoke the snake: Respect and justice
Are for those who are truly worthy
Suffer not blind guides and their paths already lit
Rather light the darkness with rightful flame

The salvation lies not within the stone walls and scripture
but in the freedom ov man and laws unwritten
Conscience unguided by laws ov lambs
godless being above the wormsOn the black shores		
Where the oceans smell of death			
And an aura of misery shrouds			
Its great mass			

I am drowning, veiled					
By a thick porous mist, spewing toxic rain of sorrow			
			
On the black shores		
(Where the oceans smell of death)			
On the black shores			
(And an aura of misery shrouds)			
On the black shores			
(Its great mass)			
On the black shores			
(I am drowning)			

These wraiths upon my throat			
Clenching with an undying grasp			
Apparitions so familiar			
My eyes bleed with disbelief			

I have no memories of the sun			
Of the incandescent past			
On these			
Black shores		

The Clouds here are sovereign			
And I am slave to their subsistence			

In the sand, my heart lay buried		
In a grave so deep 			
Until I exceed the boundaries 			
Of the dissolution of my being			

I remember now 
When the gods came for me		
She abandoned me
On the white shores			

Submerged my soul 		
(On white shores)			
Buried all hopes 			
(On white shores)			
Doomed to silence 			
(On white shores)		
A soliloquy for the damned			
(On black shores)Decayed painting
Shadows of the past
A picture of a fading smile
Turns to grey dust on the mantle
Ashes of torment
Empty halls, empty rooms
Silence within these walls
Black mirrors depraved
Reveal inner emptiness
Hollow corpses of thought(Instrumental)Plagued by a cancer sprawling
the land
Infecting populations,
overgrowing, devouring
Lay waste. Kill
whatever crosses the path
Uproot and destroy the
settlements, habitats
--
The runs are clogged with
the bodies of our fallen family1. Ungolianth
2. Dagor Bragollach
3. Through the Forest of Dol Guldur
4. The Legend of the Master-Ring
5. Dor DaedelothDeep in the sunken crypts,
Of subterranean things
The morbid and the morose,
Fill my deepest dreams.

Ghosts are my companions,
And my pride is my shame.
I walk amongst
the night-gaunts,
And the ghouls all
know my name.

Dreamer in the black arts,
Weird powers in the dark,
In the catacombs of Nephren-Ka.

I serve him in the blackness,
The one who
can't be named,
The lord of all
dark shepherds,
And the master
of the strange.

Dreamer in the black arts,
Weird powers in the dark,
In the catacombs of Nephren-Ka.

And if you seek him
come on down,
And wear the darkness
as a crown.
Join those who shun
the world above,
And give the ancient dead
your love.

A place amongst the fallen,
Away from  judging eyes,
Tentacles are crawling
Under ebon skies.
Dreamer in the black arts,
Weird powers in the dark,
In the catacombs of Nephren-Ka.(Instrumental)Dark winds
Black wings
Icewinds
Embraced by the blood
Of ravenhearts

Over mountains
Over fields
Brought by black wings
Brought by winds 

Through the icewinds
Over seas
Over mountains
Over fields

Follow the dark sign
Follow the north sign
Follow the wolf sign
Follow the ravenheart

Follow the dark winds
Follow the black wings
Follow the bloodline
Follow the ravenheart(Instrumental)Awakening of paganism
                      Do you see the frozen nature?
                      Do you see the mirror on ice?
                               Yes I see...
                     I see the ravens in black sky...
                        When lakes feel the frost
                      When the snow falls on my soul
                       When the forest are in fire
                           I see the nature...
                     Oh, Khors, give me the strength
                      To kill the enemy inside of me
                       To destroy the lie of Jehova
                          To feel fire of war...
                    I see the burning man with horn -
                         He isn't man - he is God
                God of sunlight, God of life & reality...
                          This God lives in me -
                         I see him every morning
                        And he dies every night...
                        Khors will come to shine,
                       My soul will see the light,
                    light of fire, light of reality...
                   One day all forests shall be mine...
                      One day all people will die...
            One day the nature of our ancestors shall rebirth!
                    I will burn the flame, one day...
                        And SunGod, listen to me -
                  light your powerful flame, and please,
                        burn the heaven and Earth,
                          Oh, almighty Khors...Through the glass I chase the time
The last Imperiled sight
Haze of thoughts enforce the light
World so perfect as I wept to dry
Mirror face in crystal lake
Is this reality?
Tears of flesh in velvet knives
Neon dreaming or a tempted lie?... a tempted lie

In YOUR GRAVE I'LL DIE
SET YOUR WORLD ON MY LIQUID FIRE
BLOCKED INSIDE, A LIFE SO VAIN
AS YOU PRAY FOR THE SON OF INHUMAN BOND

Run against an unknown crave
They called it destiny
Join me here in liquid dreams
Waken pulse in land of screams
Tortured child in sickened hands
They've grown a renegade
Feelings die in vortex heart
Just to hide Inside Its frozen grave... this frozen grave

In YOUR GRAVE I'LL DIE
SET YOUR WORLD ON MY LIQUID FIRE
BLOCKED INSIDE, A LIFE SO VAIN
AS YOU PRAY FOR THE SON OF INHUMAN BONDThe presence to be felt, the darkness in the night
The lurker at the threshold, flashing lightning strike

Incantations chanted, howlin winds soar
Yog-Sothoth is evoked, from the forgotten lore

From the depths of chaos, the black winged god appears
Oneiric intrusions, twisted tonques speak
Three-lobed eye burns, an offering to be made
The blessing is bestowed, when we sacrifice the priest
Through the stellar gate, revelations to be seen
The nameless cult waits aeons, for the other one to come
The stone temples fall under the weight of devastation
All in one, one in all, cosmic predator from beyond

Turn the crosses down, altars to be broken
Monotheist gods, rendered powerless they are
Smash the crucific, and utter blasphemies
Speak in ancient tonques, evoke the chaos gods

The cult was ever here, the rites were never gone
The holy scriptures ripped and the saviour stays unborn
Stellar darwinism, existence redefined
This is the new age where the christian god expires

Turn the crosses down, altars to be broken
Monotheist gods, rendered powerless they are
Smash the crucific, and utter blasphemies
Speak in ancient tonques, evoke the chaos godsIt's a respectable trait
Yet another waste of mental health
Calling it a day
Go getter, what do you expect, faith
Faith or sympathy?
Have you seen?
Everything's been rendered empty
The judges held responsible seem to know
You've served pathetic men and prayed
For gifts that never came
It's just been one big mistake
But it's tempting anyway and you wait anyway
Heavy-weighted, half-assembled proof
That there's nothing we can do

Every last day looks the same
That's why I can't go on
Can't go on
The whole breed is thinly veiled as proof
That there's nothing we can do

The whole breed is thinly veiled as proof
That there's nothing we can do
At least you are 
Never aloneVia the paths of the four winds
Through the icy valleys and hills
They came led by two ravens
The messengers from the hall of the slain

Warriors of a thousand battles
Skalds of a thousand stories and tales
Riding in a shadow
Which will lie over the christian fame

Hear the dark woods call
Swear for the ancient names
Odin, Thor, Valhalla
Written into the heathen flames
False beliefs fall
Hearts of steel begin to pound again
In my eyes I almost see
Dragon ships setting sails

Fathers, watch us ride
Through the northern storms
And freezing winds
We are the horde
That came from the snowy sides of hills
Brothers up there we greet you
just like you - we will never fail
Sisters, wait for the call
We will come
when we hear the Odin's hail...

Via the paths of the four winds
Through the icy valleys and hills
they came led by two ravens
The messengers from the hall
Of the slain
Warriors of a thousand battles
Skalds of a thousand stories and tales
Riding in a shadow
Which will lie over the christian fame"Never do anything when you are in a temper, for you will do everything wrong."
/BALTASAR GRACIAN/

Outside the window, I see the moon
Gives little silver light in the gloom
No breath of wind, no rise in the ground
Only my thoughts are whirling around

Morning will find me awake
Oh it's always the same
Something must change or I'll go insane

Still many times I lose control
I am just like the man I don't wanna be
Give me a final chance, one more
You can trust and believe in me

Face in the mirror, seems like he cries
I look into his desperate eyes
Try to deny what sanity tells
Whether it's me or somebody else?

Morning has found me awake
Oh it's always the same
There must be change or I'll go insane

Trust and believe in me(Instrumental)We spread out beyond the sight
Inside your biased existence
Endangered breed overpowering the masses
Your feeble struggle cannot defend

I saw the sign, across the end
A distant sounds summons us
Achieve the reign over the land
The sweet corruption

Victims of a dying world
Condemned to suffer
Through a premature burial
Destroyers of the world
Hunger for more
A purpose demanded


Imminent domain is born
Under my reign
I watch, I conquer
This, my victorious reign

As I saw the sign, the light
The primal voices echoing

I foresee the unknown
Within the world that we possess

We hold the flames
Hands of destruction
Down from the sky
In the dark of night
Your darkest fear
Your longest night
Descending, howling creatures
Superior raceWe will march - Death from the Forest
 We will end God's foolish reign
 Rising up - Death from the Forest
 Our swords hack human brain
 
Forest this is our Kingdom
 Here we dwell like animals
 Only wanted life in freedom
 But the humans hunted us
 
Battleaxe and Sword and Hammer
 With these weapons Death we bring
 Punishment, we will defend us
 Take their fucking scalps and skins
 
Carnage, brains and broken bones
 Get rid of the human scum
 Burn! Burn! Burn! left only in ruins
 Celebrate the revenge we've done8. Bloodspawn
-----------------------
Unchaining the most furious of hatred 
From the blackest depth of my heart 
To curse the race of god 
To become the inhuman 
Lambs of the feeble ten heavens 
Fear the blades of the dark 
As my greed for death 
Screams out for blood 

Bloodspawn 
The shining face of eternal hate

Bloodspawn 
The burning inner flame 

Bloodspawn 
The Merciless journey to hell 

Bloodspawn 
The vengeance of the ancient reign 

Bloodspawn 
The shining face of eternal hate 

Bloodspawn 
The burning inner flame 

(For the Werewolf Legion)Exiled by God's own hand 
To this dead, forsaken land 
Punishment for avarice 
For the pride I felt within 

I am The Yellow King - A King of Disease 
My blood is sick and cursed; upon Pure Blood I feed 

Cast down with blighted form 
Bloated, oozing and sore 
My kin ease wounds that won't heal 
To preserve my sanity 
I am concealed 

Blood from flesh-wounds is not enough 
Only bleeding that kills is sustenance 
That is the blood that is laced with true fear 
That is the blood that tastes so sweetAgain it`s friday night, we`re ready to rise again
It`s time for us to fight, and you won`t survive
Devastate your stage, it`s time time to repent
Metal crowds get wild, other`s never understand
The way that we feel, with our fist held high
It`s kill or be killed to symphonies of steel 
We got nothing to fear cause we go for the throat 
We`re the unexpected guest so bang your head to this

We`re restless and wild so join us tonight 
The moshpit is yours - bangers unite 
Devestate your stage, it`s time to repent 
Metal crowds get wild, others never understand
Bounded by metal try to tear us apart 
You`ll always fail cause we`re the metal knightsThe road ahead of me leads nowhere 
Elusive remembrance stays up in the air 
When diamonds collide either cuts the other one 
Buckle up, it's showdown, let's get the fucking job done 

Would you embrace your perishable saving grace? 
My head is exploding with fury and madness 
Fighting back is the only way to set us all free 

The rig of war now is out of control 
Enraged, this leviathan is taking its toll 
Of your destruction I can assure you 
The fall of an empire creates something new 

Would you embrace your perishable saving grace? 
My head is exploding with fury and madness 
Fighting back is the only way to set us all free 

Oh the humanity 
I feed on my own insanity 
It's time for you to give up your throne 
Exploit the rest and wait to be overthrown 

The tables are turned! 

Nothing can stop your impending doom 
The requiem plays with a deafening vroom 
No longer are you immortal or potent 
All eyes will witness your final moment 

My head is exploding with fury and madness 
Fighting back is the only way to set us all freeUnholy deeds performed in secrecy
Lay haunting the eve like the reminiscence of the late
And when the clouds meander and take forms unlike seen
Something stirs in the ether, a presence... 
Entrenching

Soar... Through the abyss, whence the concealed wisdoms are welling forth
Like souls dwelt in malice lay hungry for my stifled thoughts
The visions in the shadows, in the darkest recess of the mind
Which crawl yet to shatter what I once defined as my one true life

Behold... Apparitions, unimaginable dreams of space
From a closed division of my psyche something escalates:
Revelations... From beyond; reborn in gnosis of starlight
And the more I know, the more my bonds to this world dissolve

The order in which stars align, clarified
Archaic times and nameless rites I have come to remember;
Taken by a presence old and repugnant

Torn out from where my roots lie
And my mind altered by alchemy beyond all that is human:
"Solve et coagula!" 
Dissolve to evolve

Feels like I am crawling with serpent-forms, feelers, tongues;
This hour one with forgotten ages

Entrenched in abhorrence you dare not to believe

Impregnated by a seed of higher planes
Presences spawning in my soul:
Now I have seen all in a larger scale
Larger than my mind could hold

How deep in depths must I linger on?
How far in merciless, cold space
Until man I am no more?

When the dawn breaks, and the hoar falls to dew
And with the dew leaves my presence, into death's silver hue
How the clouds meander and take forms unlike seen
The last pale remainder of what ever lingers of me

The order in which stars align...A long river is running towards the sea
Into the waterbed all the woods left their leaves
See the passion bleeding it drags the blood everywhere
So I spend what's left in a unexplored path

Of wistfulness I'm the witness still blind
Of infinity corns I'm the breeder in the night
And homewards where no one belong
I'm drowning into a fallen splintering sun

Damned my way
Weak is my mind how should I try
To polish my name
And revenge the shame?

Screaming in the silence awake when it's the dark
In the hole of my emptiness I will climb till the stars
On my fate there's a witchcraft that mystifies me
It's scarfing my face pain for what I never made

Written in a mirror made stronger than stone
You can hear the story of my heart the story of this world
Tales of the poetry from a book of ancient rime
Calls in the void to discover new light

Lost on my way
Weak is my mind how should I try
To polish my name
And to revenge the shame?

I want reborn free out of this maskplague
In this twilight time I want break these chains
Buried alive in world with no light
Where everything fade fast in death

Clean all my sin
Wash up these lies
The only way
If I could turn back time

Until the day
They damned me
Until the crime
I never made
Betrayed by gods
Sky help me now

Until the day
They damned me
Until the crime
I never made
To make the dawn
Rise up on my head againThe spirit of death fill up our land
Pain and mour ascend from the hell, like the evil blood which spills on the earth
It annexes wicked soul and darkness occupies your mind!

Stompale appears in the sky, the silent land will be destroyed
The wicked heart, a piece of shit will fall into hell, let us lie down and feel the death!

Rotter's body and decayed corpse
Your frozen separated to fall inspire with disaster
I will burn down all the pretense with raging flames 
I will burn down all the pretense with raging flames 
It will become popular, edition!
Thunder bane and will drain our world until with the coming disaster - inspired!

To swallow! To exterminate! Greedy! Venal! Who is the murderer?

I can't see the stars
Through the nocturnal sight why the sight becomes death but brightness!
And I remind that you had been doing that why?
Raging! Dreadful! Retribution!

To swallow! To exterminate! Greedy! Venal! Who is the murderer?

Rotter's body and decayed corpse
Your frozen separated to fall inspire with disaster
I will burn down all the pretense with raging flames 
I will burn down all the pretense with raging flames 
It will become popular, edition!
Thunder bane and will drain our world until with the coming disaster - inspired!I hate love. I despise it, actually.
When I wanted it, it would leave me.
I can't stand it, it haunts me.
Oh they all haunted me. They all haunted me.
What a warped sense of mind, to tell me that everything is fine.
A little at a time.
It's the thing that just beats me, it beats me every time.Time! As a demon I rise, feeling the hunger
I gather us for the final Sabbath at last on this night
And I fly as the nightshade attacks the light
As it makes me the strings of thy wrath and all-conquering sin
Down into the hunt! Till the darkness allows
None of their bastions will be safe on this hour
Before the daylight devours our flesh, I wonder,
How many will manage to flee?
This night is worth the whole life
Yet the prophecy says we all to be burnt in the pitiful dawn
So be it! This oath''s yet to serve us:
In torments and deaths to unite! 

Passing the burning cliffs
Our ship is leaving the bay
Remember us for the others won''t 

As morning strikes
It feels the day
Up with the mass
Of deadly horror
It wakes the dead up
To proceed with rot
And thus provide them all
With new turmoil 

Master! Art thou hearing me call?
Through these storms that I''ve summoned
As a tribute to thy majesty!
Regard! Oh, Almighty!
Thy mortal bride is prepared
And blessed she lies awaiting thee...
Thou, who allowed me to be thy choirs of sorrow,
In ascendant stream of this symphony
Heavier are my wings, yet it was damn worth of trying
To reach this height to fall from so desperately
...
And here it comes...beginning is not nor end cannot be
shine as a flame in the midst of thy body
this is the curse on you
the curse on me
your name has been carved in the palm of my hands
call the name and fly away
break that evil spell on me
damned souls whirling ahead of our sins
deliver us from the contents of time
deliver us from the contents of our body
damned souls whirling ahead of our sinsDeath has come to here
We're burning badly
Filth up to my ears
We're screaming mad

And I would like to know exactly
Just what you have planned for us to do
You claim to be the leaders
Well who the hell on Earth is leading you?
You sent us to fight
While we were waiting
What did you do for
The situation?

Dictating our beliefs
Erasing your deceit
Scapegoat nations to fall
(Mechanized) Armies wait at your call

Madness threatens your soul
Control on the decline
Slipping from you crazed hold
(Genocide) Forces weak, passion bold

You were blind before
Now it's our turn to
See the light no more
We're crawling towards you
Chaos swarms through minds
Mutated armies
Rise and fall an find
That power destroys

I would like to know exactly
Just what you have planned for us to do
Tommorrow holds the answers
And today had better bring upon the truth(Instrumental)Every night the vision haunts
We have nowhere to hide
Nightscapes painted in blood
My dreams and realities are one

I witness their falling souls consumed
I sentenced them all to die
For this is the way I follow and live
The voices I must carry them out tonight

Where does one run to hide
When it yourself one fears
But I love the art of butchery
Kiss the goat and bathe in blood

My dreams are torment and of torture
I've seen my own flesh melting and burning
As he laughs at my pleas of mercy
I must become him and destroy all

What have I done?
Their blood is all over me
More! Give me more, Lucifer
No! This can't be
You're inside of me
Stop! No, I love their cries
I must satisfy the voice inside
Now! I am you, In Darkness, I Dwell

My precious servant can't you see
I am you and you are me
Feed me more souls and obey my word
You took the oath in blood
Now it is Father and unholy son
And you are damned, damned no forever
I torment your soul foreverDeath is rising, eternal
She, the howling emissary

She raises the bones towards the sky
The dead listen to the claim of Mahr

At the crossroads, the witch is approaching
Sinking her hands into the soil and ashes
Calling from the deepest of the abyss
Prayers and devotions fly where there is no peace

Then, ghosts have revealed the ancient cults
Where the spirits of the dead are waiting for their thrones
Far away from these betrayed graves named "Churches"

The blood of a black hen brings to me the voice of the dead
I've listened to their revelations
A frozen mist smelling the cemetery soil has come and brings your death
Crows fly above
Necromancy predicted your end to me
The obscure days will take back their boned thrones

As the fire burned your cursed cross
We return to our mystical lands
Death is rising again
And again...Darkening crimson skies hear my tormented please
That force themselves to make their presence known
Sweep over me and fill my body
With your contempt and despise for humanity
O spirit of the night, don't abandon me
Take my soul to its final resting place
Where I shall await.

Ride upon the mist of the eve
With the howling winds in the trees
Give to the blessings of the gods
Give me the ancient's knowledge
Bring forth the beast with burning eyes
Deliver me to tranquil skies
Take my soul and run with it
Forever in spirit next to me

Upon the mist I ride and seek the lands in which I've known
Forever searching in the skies for now I am alone
I bow to those who seek this help this quest for endless youth
And aid me in the calling, for alone shall speak the truth
Before the altar of stone I stand to call upon the gods
Their infernal names invoked with fire and true nocturnal love

Their ghastly forms in smoke above the ring of fire
Forever serving to the lords immortality I desire
Searching on and forging thru dark and misty lands
Seeking the truthful and destroying mortal man
Gathering strength to return the gods to their rightful throne
They're forged in a battle for in battle I'm alone.Follow the trail of blood,
From my feet,
I left behind,
On the pathway of broken glass.

Broken glass everywhere I walk,
In every direction I go.
To the left, the right or straight on.
Every step my blood flows.

And I bleed,
For you,
For them.
Wish I could leave,
With you,
And them.
To be free
From glass
From blood
From pain
Away from this pathway

The pain I feel at every step I take.
On the road you call life.
Suppose it's some sort of debt I've made.
To be paid by blood left behind.(Instrumental)(Instrumental)THE SOUND OF INFINITY
EXPLODES IN MY MIND
'CAUSE I'M DYING
LOOK AT THE DEATH IN MY HANDS

I FIGHT THE SHADOWS
I HEAR THE SOUND OF INFINITY THAT 
EXPLODES IN MY MIND
'CAUSE I'M DYING, I'M DYING

MY WEARS, MY EYES,
ARE FULL OF BLOOD
'CAUSE I'M DYING, I'M DYING 
AND ALL IS DARK AROUND ME

STORMFIRE
THE FIRE IS EVERYWHERE
STORMFIRE
I CAN'T FORGOT THEIR CRY

THIS IS A LOOSING WORLD,
A LOOSING TIME
AND THE MEN ARE STILL FALLING AROUND ME

I WALK IN A LAKE OF DESPERATION 
I'M DYING
AND MY BROTHERS DIE WITH ME

MY WEARS, MY EYES,
ARE FULL OF BLOOD
'CAUSE I'M DYING, I'M DYING 
AND ALL IS DARK AROUND ME

STORMFIRE
THE FIRE IS EVERYWHERE
STORMFIRE
I CAN'T FORGOT THEIR CRYSpirit of delirious dream
You own my mind,
You own my sight
Bring me to your endless spell
You hold my life
You hold me tight

Eat my soul, eat my flesh
Take my will, take my hands
Drag me to hell
I won't go back
Eat my soul, eat my flesh
Take my will, take my hands
I won't go back

I feel your poison running into my veins
I feel possessed, I lose control
Opium shades

It's a vision or a dream,
Through the light I see
The sacred river runs
Down to a sunless sea
A lifeless world
My visions hang meThe nightwinds carried our names
across valleys so deep, mountains so high
Carried the whispering voice of our lord
and strangled the children of christ

The nightwinds carried our names
through enlightened lands and endless deeps
Brought us to the shivering lambs of god
and brought them to their knees

It was time to crawl out from the shadows
and spread us as a disease
For too long had the unworthy ruled
but the nightwinds granted us the keys

Shaws of death grey and cold
returned after milleniums in silence
Damnation spread from land to land
Satan arose through the sands of time...Ashes of ancient prophecies,
Fallen swiftly in my mind
Darkest clouds embrace the skies
In sacrament of dying light...
Step by step the daylight leaves us
Hallowed by the twilight sun
Dreams will creep to our eyes
Like a spiders (on the run).

Insanity betrays my reality
In vicious action of sleep

When nightmares awake
I fall down on my knees
And loosing the way
To escape from silent darkness

...And darkness blinks my tired eyes again
In graveyard of angels

Demons will rise from deepest darkness
Twilight has finally reached its end
Hate, fear destruction
Creations of evil in my head
Where black wings of crows rise upon my very eyes
And black tears of sorrow drip from my eyes
Emptiness will fill the night - in this eternal grace we'll die

When nightmares awake
I fall down on my knees
And loosing the way
To escape from silent darknessThe Morbid Will in Man is to Destroy
What is said to be the Imperishable Kingdom
For everything Hath to Perish Before Thee
Weltering In Blood of the Holy
The Matter that Destroys and Devours,
Flame red are Rays that Burst from Beneath
The Flames shall accompany my Invocations...
Satan! Satan Rise! Supreme and Merciless God!
Total Ruin of God's Realm Tempest, uttermost Dread
The Fire wich Darth and Flasheth
through all Depths of the Universe
people hear the Voice of Fire!
We shall Desecrate the Lord Divine
Inthronization Ceremony Decapitation of the Holy
Forces of Eternal Desecration
Trempling his kingdom down to dust... Supreme and terrible God
Plague the Earth and Human Race
Tremble before Thee - For Thy Time is Nigh at hand
Feeble race of the earth to you I now come
From Ages beyond Ages From The Space beyond your Vision,
and I bring to you these words...
With Seven Pentacles consecrated in Saturn Black
A new commandment I give unto you,
That All Men shall be slain and the Heavens Burnt
A Throne of fornication, much brighter than the stars
Glory and Honour and Power Merciless Warfare and Strength
avenge our Blood on them that dwell upon this earth
Angel of the bottomless Pit upon the radiant throne of Light
With A thousand bestial tongues that blaspheme the Name of God...
Ye all, drink from the Wine of the Wrath of the Fallen
Cast Alive into a lake of Burning Fire Fire - Our Lord's Dominion
The Realm that hath been made anew
Lord Tyrant Serpent Almighty In Battlenow Devour the Weak
Rape their Hearts with Splendor
Let them behold the Symbols and the Names of Uncreation
Forever Terror and Fear Perverted world of immense Pain
Awaken all thy Legions, whirlwinds tempestuous,
Most High Conqueror From Beyond the Outer Gates
All Gathered hosts of Deadly Hate
Immortal Headened hearts Barbaric kings, by cruelty raised,
With Specters of Black Art
Metal Blowing, martial sounds Hell's Chaos, ancient Night.
The Heavens trmble hard beneath Malignant Resurrection
Inthronizations Ceremony Decapitation of the holy
Forces of Eternal Desecration Trempling His Kingdom Down to Dust...(Instrumental)Vast bloody plains frozen in time / That once belonged to the clans of the free / The ones who fell snapped up by death / But who live enshrined - spirits of the battles sons

By ages were forged stories and tales / As sculptured in stone their crowns will survive

Riding to an uncertain fate / With the tragedy's hand above their heads / Furious and proud through the masses they fight / Like a forthcoming storm raising the dust / Unleashed by the will, by the will to be free / Challenging the scythe of the one who roams / Woe to all of those / Who shall cross the path of the sword of hatred

Oh morning so feeble dawn by the first rays of light / Standing there towards their fate / Spirits of the battles sons unleash the fury through the wind / To reign on these unforgotten lands / Your shining eyes in the battle skies guardians of these old fields / Filled with the will to trample the shadow's face / You have come to take what is yours and leave desolation behind / To reign on these unforgotten lands

Through several years of winter and frost / We will all sing the words of the funeral rites / Ceremonial hymns of pure blasphemy / Changing your valleys in thousand of coffins / With the winds of war and the winds of cold / As one with the earth, we will erase your race

From chaos we come, awaken from our sleep / As tyrants we will use the iron discipline / Demonized, we ride crushing your golden thrones / Let us be mightier, than we never have been

In a shroud of mist these bloody fields awake / Standing here in the fog with so cold a heart / The hordes that passed through the lying legions / Were the unleashed ones but free of their minds and their lands

Oh morning so feeble dawn by the first rays of light / Standing there towards their fate / Spirits of the battles sons unleash the fury through the wind / To reign on these unforgotten lands / Your shining eyes in the battle skies guardians of these old fields / Filled with the will to trample the shadow's face / You have come to take what is yours and leave desolation behind / To reign on these unforgotten landsEvil manifestation into a dead brain
Rancid juice begins to spew
Inside the corpse's veins
Bursting from entombment
With a wretched aura
Darkness of the graveyard
Does not hide the horror
Shredding ruptured change
Chunks rip from cadaver
Possession demon, Bestial mutation
Limbs have ground cracking bones
Vomit stench resurrected
Jagged claws teeth to gnaw
Fueled with hate dripping sauce
Shits a load hunger grows
Find fresh meat walking in the street
Screaming horror of those in reach
Shred and dismember quick feast
Morbid creature reaps death
Globs of pus drip from it's head
Kill hatred beast or die
While he eats drown in feces
Raised from the earth in hate
Festered beast hunts edibles
Stench of organs from grave(Instrumental)Speaking by the name of seti
The effigy speaks through a mask made of human skin
Godless fallen soul impaled
A name must be upon you before we will let you in
Bloodshed in the name of sorrow
Stone is cast for the enemy to walk in harm's way
We will make him burn and burn again
Lost in the vortex he is gone no blessing underway

Coming of flood
Sickening god
Bring him to me
Torrent of blood

Rid us the disease of mankind
Unseen is he who will ultimately control the gift
Blocking out the sun
Our chains eroded we are finally set adrift(Instrumental)Do you remember that night
That you broke my heart
I can't believe this is true

I saw my world crashin' down
Feeling so alone right now
What have I done to you

You're everything I'm waiting for
And now I see you leaving out the door
I never felt so bad before
Please, baby, give me back your love

Try to understand
I don't wanna be just a friend, anymore
I'm here to be your man
So, tell me what your plan
To make me a better man, once again
I'll give you the best I can

So, let's talk once again
To be sure that our love was not in vain
And heal all the pain

Because my heart belong (s) to you
And I know you love me too
No matter what we're passin' through

You're everything I'm waiting for
And now I see you leave out the door
I never felt so bad before
Please, baby, give me back your love

Try to understand
I don't wanna be just a friend, anymore
I'm here to be your man
So, tell me what your plan
To make me a better man, once again
I'll give you the best I canThe thunder and the rain are in my veins
The rage of my spirit is in my sword
God saves my soul
From the sky of this world
Give me another destiny 
The Dragon can fly in its sky
Listen to my voice and my cry
Dragon fly with me
with my destiny
Save me from this time

Take my hand and my misery
The rain of this world keep falling on me
In the time of reality
every man is misery
The Sword in the ancient rock 
is the time of victory
When the moon covers the sun
and the Dragon can fly
When the fairies come to me
I will be free

Change the world of reality
Where the moon is sad and dying
Bring me in the time of my memory
Where the dragon can fly in the sky
Please save my soul from this destiny
You are the Fairy of the Moon and the Sun
You will change this world in a Paradise 
I am the warrior lost in time
The future of my life is written in the sun
The fairies of the night light in the dark
They guide my eyes
to my destiny
Take my hand and walk with me
My life and my death are in your mind
The remembrance of my land is in my heart
Dragon fly with me
with my destiny
Save me from this timeraw skin. peel flesh.
from my bones
scrape marrow. dig
from my bones
make dead altar
from my bones

place the glyph of the mighty

upon the altar.
wash in blood.
hold the dagger
in right hand.
let the sunshine in
to your heart.

place the glyph ov the mighty

upon the altar of (((Ouroboros
(the glyph must remain intact)

the blood of methuselah
can rinse the cycle, 
and absolve the cynic.
(the glyph must remain intact)The tears of bitterness have stream,
the tears of eternal wrath closing the lights of heaven
opening pathways to the darkness.
Not light I need to see, not your kindness to feel,
with breath of the dragon within, on higher stage unreached by the "sin".

- Light?

We, the sons of lewdness...
- Shall our flame be eternal... eternal it shall be.
In its light we wander, in its light we live,
from it we receive our strength and our fate!
Is this the life you dreamed of,
wandering in emptiness, in the shadows of destiny?
Whether or not were the one,
yet the son who promised the paradise of enslavery.
I have seen through you!
Two thousand years watched you grow,
I was baptised in your blood,
but one I am with flame,
one I am with flame of... [Satan]

You are standing face to face, with your destiny alone.
Over the fog of wrath and fear,
you see how we rape your world.
Watch now your creation, what is there left from you...
If your blood is really our wine,
your own masterpiece you forgot to sign...

Our flame... - It shall never blow out!

- Light!(Instrumental)(Instrumental)This War

Cannons are pounding the lines falling back.
Infantry's weary from heavy attack.
No tears in laughter there's no pain in joy.
Blood lusting vengeance the will to destroy.

This war brings no salvation
This war brings only death
This war brings no salvation
This war brings only death

Victims are dying. They're Prisoners of war.
Good men are fighting like they fought before.
Witness this madness you're dying alone.
Far from your loved ones 
A long way from home.

Taking up arms in the name of the state.
Killing for orders not killing for hate.
Harrowing images. Death overhead.
Humanity stained with the blood of the dead.

Massing to counter the enemies moves.
Pounding of cannons. Thundering hooves.
Face now the terror as generals deploy.
No tears in laughter there's no pain in joy.The mark
The order
The wretched ones
No purpose here
But to falter
So many times
We led ourselves astray
Our world so strong, has dissolved
Once a watcher
Now a bastard devoid of time
Of patience, of love, of innocence
I wear this dead mass around my neck
To recall a path, I spat at

As blackest night unfolds
Their whispers on the wind
The voices of the dead
Call on

For dys I relive the fall
Cursed to walk shattered paths

A rat's heart
You can't comprehend
The loathing, the doubt
The withdrawal
The water runs
Seeps through the wound
A deathly cry, alive in the woods
I walked on dazed, regardless.There's a Spanish train that runs between
Quadalquivir and old Seville
And at dead of night the whistle blows
And people fear she's running still...

And then they hush their children back to sleep
Lock the doors, upstairs they creep
For it is said that the souls of the dead
Fill that train ten thousand deep!!

Well a railwayman lay dying with his people by his side
His family were crying, knelt in prayer before he died
But above his head just awaiting for the dead
Was the Devil with a twinkle in his eye
Well God's not around and look what I've found
this one's mine

Just then the Lord himself appeared in a blinding flash of light
And shouted at the devil Get thee hence to endless night
But the Devil just grinned and said I may have sinned
But there's no need to push me around,
I got him first so you can do your worst
He's going underground

But I think I'll give you one more chance
Said the Devil with a smile
So throw away that stupid lance
It's really not your style
Joker is the name
Poker is the game
We'll play right here on this bed,
And then we'll bet for the biggest stakes yet
The souls of the dead
And I said Look out, Lord, he's going to win,
The sun is down and the night is riding in,
That train is dead on time
many souls are on the line
Oh Lord, he's going to win

Well the railwayman he cut the cards
and he dealt them each a hand of five
And for the Lord he was praying hard
For that train he'd have to drive...
Well the Devil he had three aces and a king
And the Lord he was running for a straight
He had the queen and the knave and the nine and ten of spades
All he needed was the eight

And then the Lord he called for one more card
But he drew the diamond eight
And the Devil said to the son of God
I believe you've got it straight
So deal me one for the time has come
To see who'll be the king of this place
But as he spoke from beneath his cloak
He slipped another ace

Ten thousand souls was the opening bid
And it soon went up to fifty-nine
But the Lord didn't see what the Devil did
and he said that suits me fine
I'll raise you high to hundred and five
And forever put an end to your sins
But the Devil let out a mighty shout, My hand wins

And I said Lord, oh Lord, you let him win
The sun is down and the night is riding in
That train is dead on time, many souls are on the line
Oh Lord, don't let him win...

Well that Spanish train still runs between
Quadalquivir and old Seville
And at dead of night the whistle blows
And people hear she's running still

And far away in some recess
The Lord and the Devil are now playing chess
The Devil still cheats and wins more souls
And as for the Lord, well, he's just doing his best

And I said Lord, oh Lord, you've got to win
The Sun is down and the night is riding in
That train is still on time
Oh my soul is on the line
Oh Lord, you've got to winStorming to deface your kind
Exiling the cross, defined
Killing off your race
Seeking through my mind

Iconoclast - Killing off your race
Iconoclast - Seeking through my mindSmashing your head to the stage
Jumping around in furious rage
Circle pits, moshpits: you lost all control
Giving meaning to you soul

Forget everything, lose all control
Forget the pain, destroy your brain
Forget the sorrow, there is no tomorrow

Stagediving is the ultimate fun
Jump towards everyone
Run around in the circle pit
Ignore your safety, it's not worth a shitInnocence
Let me shape your mind
You'll be stronger
Drink from the cup
Sleep tight and have sweet dreams
So it is written
And so it shall be done

You will rise and show the way
The first of us to redefine

Posthumous revelation
Wo won't bring past to life
Forever disillusionned
We won't bring past to lifeDoor hoge golven
Daalt de toorn op ons neer

Tegen de goden hun verlangen
Hebben de stervelingen geen verweer

Lang zijn nu de nachten
In het rijk der woeste zee

Langs verlaten duistere wegen
Neemt donar ons nu mee

Fier is de wind, die hier raast
Hij neemt het leven, overhaast
Geboren uit donder en vuur
Neemt hij zielen te laatste uur

Zittend op zijn troon
Lachend om zijn daden
Treurend tracht hij hier
In hoeveel bloed dat hij kan baden(Instrumental)(Instrumental)This is my farewell
Damnation from a cavernous place
Excluded thoughts, dim macabre incantations
Misinterpretation

Goodbye
Goodbye to black empty skies
Goodbye to hollow words from forked tongues
Goodbye
Goodbye to eternal pain
Goodbye to deceit, to deceit and lies

So it's come to this
Pale empty stare
Abysmal horizon ahead
There is no turning back

Goodbye
Goodbye to black empty skies
Goodbye to hollow words from forked tongues
Goodbye
Goodbye to eternal pain
Goodbye to deceit, deceit and lies

Leaving traces of what could have been...So I've seen you in the box
Thought I would fade away
You were looking like a fox
Asking to stay
I wanna cry and realize
That you will stay with me
And all the clouds should
memorize
You'll never see

'Cos I love you
Love you to much

Some people tell me the story
When you were young and
easy to find
You tried to f**k your own glory
It brought some tears to your mind

After tasting X-tasy
Flying on wings of blood
Nevermind world will say
No need to pray

'Cos I love you
Love you to much

Some people tell me the story
When you were young and
easy to find
You tried to f**k your own glory
It brought some tears to your mind

I'm gonna leave you
And I will send yourself away
I'm gonna leave you
Right now

Some people tell me the story
When you were young and
easy to find
You tried to f**k your own glory
It brought some tears to your mindPrepare to die!

You better cover your ears 'cause our wicked tone
grates in your head like a thunder
You better run for your life 'cause our
disharmony is driven by fucking rage
You're better off dead 'cause
we'll poison your mind by machinegun fire

The slaughter has begun
The torment of your sould shall last forever
You're bewitched by our wicked melodies
The echoes of oblivion has been struck
We have sealed your destiny
Cunt exploding metal starts to grind
Thermonuclear porno holocaust fills the mankind

From darkness we came in the name of evil we slay
Electric fucking hellfire the lsuaghter has begun

Distorted notes shall blow up your ears
Electrfied tones shall mesmerize your mind
Blackened melodies shall capture your soul

From darkness we came in the name of evil we slay
Electric fucking hellfiree, the slaughter has begunThe neverborn has arrive
they saw it riding in the sky
so wonderful spitting fire
looking for something they never found


with a shout full of blood
bury the never in ice
bury the never in ice


his anger without fear
pieces of a non understood crime 
deathbell of an invisible land
time has come for you to die

talk about the never
far beyond the time
time has come for you to die
far beyond the timeHolocaust
A mortal dawn has revealed the time had come
In a sound of storm, starts the march
Christian worms, the first target, and many shall follow
Revenge born to burn the effigies of oppression

Various faces of the same entity
All united in the sign of the horns

And the weak ones, they cry and beg for mercy
Like the slaves they are as we rise from all sides
No prisones, death instead of forgiveness
Now we'll justify their calling us Evil

"Do unto others as they did unto you"
Mass destruction in the name of the bringer of light
Symbolic justice for those who died

Heretic pride restored as law supreme
Spiritual strength for those who deserve
He is our link. Our power is anumal
The will to fight the enemy
Die

Solo : Olivia Scemama

Veni Vidi Vici
Hail SatanSlaves to the System there's no way out
Slaves to the System do you have a shout
You've got to beat the bastards and beat them now
Sick of policies putting me down

Beat the bastards, beat them now
Beat the bastards, beat them now
Beat the bastards, beat them now

Just out of school don't have a clue
No income support for you
Cant get a job don't get a chance
Sick of politics leaving you out

Beat the bastards, beat them now
Beat the bastards, beat them now
Beat the bastards, beat them now

Money, money power and strength
Teenage kids with now' t to spend
Hungry homeless who gives a shit
Sick of policies leaving me out

Beat the bastards, beat them now
Beat the bastards, beat them now
Beat the bastards, beat them now

You've got to beat the bastards, beat them now
Beat the bastards
Beat the bastards
You've got to beat the bastards, beat them now
You've got to beat the bastards, beat them now

Slaves to the System there's no way out
Slaves to the System do you have a shout
You've got to beat the bastards and beat them now
Sick of policies putting you outAryan Battlement 

Through shafts of moonlight among the distant trees
High-riding
Heartless moon above
Crossing the rivers to assail the enemy


Squads of mailed horsemen
Iron sheathed cavalry
On the warpath like an armored thunderbolt


Thrusting and smiting from left to right
Hewing down the reeling ranks of the foe
Chanting loudly their battle-songs of painted howling savages


The moonlight slivers through the trees
The grisly facade of the dead
We rode for Wotan
And we rode to victory



Krieghetzer April 04A   Dream Of the endless Silence


Demons of the abyss  waiting for you die, to see our beloved  darkness  shine
mystical lights dance in the sky , the silence of the winds making my own eternity
(  Moonligt is the witness of the most infernal  night,  when demons grows from hell 
oceans will be lakes of fire,  nothing seems possible  to change  the evil war,  a veil of darkness` falling , the humanity will burn in fire..... ) 

I call my soul to free my bones, out of eternal fire, enslavement has begin 
And the  portal of the eternal darkness

All the humanity  slave , like a dream of  endless silence
We never see again ......the sunrise 
 For this night i`ve waited long ,  where all dead angels talk
 And christ begin to fall.

  Moonligt is the witness of the most infernal  night,  when demons grows from hell 

 All him empire will burns in fire , Nocturnal rites in their eyes 
Feel the extreme pain inside , boiling in the eternal fire 

All the humanity  slave , like a dream of  endless silence
We never see again ......the sunrise 
 For this night i`ve waited long ,  where all dead angels talk
 And christ begin to fall.(Instrumental)La oscuridad, me atrae a ver a los no vivos. 
Dentro.Presiento, siento, mi aura rodean. 
Me acerco, y levanto su puerta sin llamar, descubro su intimidad!! 
Noto su frio-Entierro mis garras-Golpeo sus restos 
Siento su sufrir, enriquezco mi mente morbosa... 
Veo la luz de sus velas, oigo sus lamentos... 
Gasolina y fuego!! 
Mis llamas negras, exterminan y al cielo, con el santo. JAAAHHHH!! 
Siento su dolor, en mi mente. Mis lagrimas, su sangre 
WAR!! 
Dirijo el camino a la cruz. Sombras acompanan mis pasos. 
Las puertas a ellos abren !! 
Llego, y ante la presencia, el cristo cae derrotado,
las Sombras, apoderan su cuerpo,la cruz se invierte, 
veo el camino, algun diaLead me where thousand candles are burning
deep down where the sun never shines
Lead me to the crypts of the dead
down below where death and decay walks hand in hand

Lead me to the crypts of Palermo
deep down where dead bodies are lying
Lead me to the Tombs of Egypt
to the Halls of death where Time stands still

Lead me to the Tombs of the dead
Lead me where skulls and bones are shining
Lead me to the grimmest Palaces
Lead me into the tombs of the Pantheon

To the spheres of pure Darkness
where skulls and bones are shining

Simon 2005(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)I kill without mercy and with ease
I put away whoever whenever I please
Don't try to stop me you think you're brave
But when it's all over you will be in your grave

You look at me your eyes show hate
Too bad for you I'm going to mutilate
I will rip out your guts and your eyes
Don't bother fighting flee and be wise

Don't try to fight me can't you see
Don't try to fight me the only way is to flee

Many have come long before
But they all wound up dead on the floor
To be a warrior of death you must pay your dues
But you should know that I never lose

Choose your weapons a club and a knife
It's no good I want your life
I am bent on revenge my sacred trust
In a matter of moments I will turn you to dust(Instrumental)Life and death
Smiles and tears
Open your eyes, feel the power now
Just stop the time and run away with me

Evil
Evil

Love and hate
Delight and pain
Against the clock must keep to ride
And day by day you'll see me rigth

Evil
Evil

Don't touch my life
Need to see, need to fight
Don't touch my faith
Canot win, cannot cry

Reflection of soul
Passion and fear
Indifference is near
Reaction of spirit
Take my goal
Take my way

Love and cries
Happiness and sorrow
Open your eyes, feel the power now
Just stop the time and run away with me

Evil
EvilNadie ha muerto por nosotros
Nadie dio la vida por nosotros
No existe ningun martir
Todo es mentira

Esta mierda de mundo esta vacio
Invadido por el terror de un dios inexsistente
Son unos pendejos de porqueria!

Vomito y defeco en sus cuerpos Inertes!Oh lord of the sprout 
This ground reaps my root 
And wash them in the filth of her own blood
Send me winds so cold 
To awake the hordes from endless sleeps 
From buried skies

A thousand of awaking lives 
Demonic hordes reborn in dark

Dark clouds called by choirs
Of ancient sanctify 
To fill the tears of prophecy
We ride to the darkest future, 
Vengeance shall clean our souls, 
Our deaths - lost in illusion of fight

A thousand of awaking lives 
Demonic hordes reborn in dark

I condemn you on eternal damnation
So feel the wrath of my hordes ablaze
I'm standing proud above the victory
Searching for the astral crown, 
Forever to stop thy time
Dark age of the holy thrones perish on my ways
My sights of the fog from mountainside
See the lights of the dark victory
Astral crown!Dawn of winter rise
And in the wake of doom
I close my eyes
Soon to be home
I leave the path
In life and death alone

Mind trapped in a mortal shell
Doomed to suffer earthly hell
Blind to the truth we see
Nothing more than our reality

Cosmic truth beyond our minds
Real perception we'll not find
In servitude to destiny(Instrumental)No words can say what we feel
We bring the change, have no fear
We are the ones who will fight
For a brave new world of the freeOne thousand faces of putrid holy evil
The only light, the only divine voice
Serpents of dirty life and rotten death entwine
Into the black emperor's scourge

Come on!

I am the last fix of heroine in your daughter's veins
I am the last spark of life in the eyes of starving children

Pray for death!

I am the maggots crawling out of a bagger's wounds
I am the rapist's seed in the anus of your wife

I am the maze of torment and pain
I am the denial of the divine grace
I am the constrictor of happiness and joy
I am the antithesis of the life your enjoy

Supreme indignity
Sickening supremacy
Sanctified atrocity
Multiplied pathology, incurable society!!!

Terrorise
Tranquilise
I am the grotesque pain divine

Brutalise
De-crystallise
I am the tool of anti-life

Some creatures are destined to live in the sewers
Some creatures are destined to suffer and extinct
Some creatures are destined to forever crawl
Some creatures are born to cherish other creatures' fall

Some things will never change
The real evil never sleeps
Life is nothing but useless dust
Some wounds will never healI am the nocturnal child 
I am the force of darkness 
I bring the night upon the world 
And bathe in the light of stars 

Immerse into the catacombs of infinity 
Join me in a journey towards the vast unknown 

From whence I came 
I shall return soon 
Lay my corpse 
Unto the moon 

From whence I came 
I shall return soon 
Lay my corpse 
Unto the moon 

Doomed to die in daylight hours 
Due to sacred resurrected power 
Now forever my ethereal form 
Wanders the void of space 

Immerse into the catacombs of infinity 
Join me in a journey towards the vast unknown 

The burden of a physical form 
No longer shackles me 
I am free to become one 
With the goddess that I once was 

Immerse into the catacombs of infinity 
Join me in a journey towards the vast unknown 

From whence I came 
I shall return soon 
Lay my corpse 
Unto the moon 

From whence I came 
I shall return soon 
Lay my corpse 
Unto the moonBitten by the beast 
Blood is cursed 
Writhe beneath the moon 
At midnight 

Werewolf power 

Roaming the glens 
On all fours 
Feeling the change 
Once again 

Werewolf power(Instrumental)Remember when I asked you out?
I wanted to dance with you all night
and chat with you until dawn.
You could be with us!
Why were you so stubborn,
when I offered you a walk home?
To help you with your bags,
just help.

Shame, shouts the family - unheard.

Seven beasts await their vulnerable bait
Their hunger known to all - is never ending.
At last they satisfy desire.
Rope up drown and dissect the cold body
With their limbs!

If only you knew, what justice can do
What is bright will darken.All at once it starts to rain acid burning in the earth
Leaving me to start again is it all that we are worth
Can we try to stop it is it worth the cause
Can we stop them killing us me my children you and yours
Laughing crying spinning dying no more children truth or lying
Selling buying no denying my god are we not civilised
There's a red light in the east turning to our western eyes
Aiming straight towards our heart about to kill our soul and mind
Can we try to stop it is it worth the cause
Can we stop them killing us me my children you and yours
Laughing crying spinning dying no more children truth or lying
Selling buying no denying are we not civilised
Can we try to stop it is it worth the cause
Can we stop them killing us me my children you and yours
Laughing crying spinning dying no more children truth or lying
Selling buying no denying now there's only death and dyingGrave Dreamer - Hunger inside - Oppressor
Union of flesh - Lust beyond life

Aborted demon I am
Advocate of horror

Sinner sublime - Atrocity awaits
Transcend to agony - Abrupt pleasure
Never-ending gloom

Satan-spawn I am
Sick, sweet insanity

Kiss the lips - Taste the blood
Ravish and caress - Cold limbs

Revel in the deprivation
Of my humanity

Celestial doom - Hell commands
Abuse beyond life - Open wide - Satan divides

Corroder I am
Corpse-fucker

Revel in the desecration
Of your humanityFor my redemption, I release my fears
My beliefs flow down those evil rivers
Nothing to lose, but it gave me strength

Incomprehensible

For all of you who thought they were safe
You are completely wrong

We will witness a murder, of whom you were taught
Everybody pray for salvation

We are disparted, to the walls
Only through struggle we'll find peace
And the ignition of our hate, drives us to carry on

Incomprehensible

for all of you who thought they were safe
You are completely wrong

We will witness a murder, of whom you were taught
Everybody pray for salvation

Fuck!
All those lies senseless cries, your hurt
This relieving end comes now!
It will kill and torture
This is your disease and this will be your cureWe are scanning the scene
In the city tonite
We are looking for you
To start up a fight
There is an evil feeling
In our brains
But it is nothing new
You know it drives us insane

Running,
On our way
Hiding,
You will pay
Dying,
One thousand deaths
Running,
On our way
Hiding,
You will pay
Dying,
One thousand deaths
Searching,
Seek and destroy
Searching,
Seek and destroy
Searching,
Seek and destroy
Searching,
Seek and destroy

There is no escape
And that is for sure
This is the end
We won't take any more
Say goodbye
To the world you live in
You have always been taking
But now you're giving

Running,
On our way
Hiding,
You will pay
Dying,
One thousand deaths
Running,
On our way
Hiding,
You will pay
Dying,
One thousand deaths
Searching,
Seek and destroy
Searching,
Seek and destroy
Searching,
Seek and destroy
Searching,
Seek and destroy

Our brains are on fire
With the feeling to kill
And it will not go again
Until our dreams are fulfilled
There is only one thing
On our minds
Don't try running away
Cause you're the one we will find

Running,
On our way
Hiding,
You will pay
Dying,
One thousand deaths
Running,
On our way
Hiding,
You will pay
Dying,
One thousand deaths
Searching,
Seek and destroy
Searching,
Seek and destroy
Searching,
Seek and destroy
Searching,
Seek and destroyStanding in a holy light words full of promises 
But your sermons never will erase your lies
Preacher of illusions hands raised up to the sky
Serpent in heaven angel with devil eyes
Rape of the mind roberry of the innocence
The price to pay for a piece of eden
Empty minds praying on an altar of straw
As vultures set the dream on fire
You? re wrong you know i? m right
Your smile is cold and your eyes still lie

On the road of the slavery faith
The hord of the ramblers is endlessly
And your fear his livelyhood
He says no dream without fear
Life is a long way to loneliness
Who needs a guide calls my name
I? ll show you the way
Give you the strenght
Let me be your instigators
Prophet?s my name
Preacher of the end of the world
Death the only solution
For a resurection

Burn the cross of lieFertile phallus drills tight cunt 
Gale of blood poors out from mist 
Tools of torture roots out veins 
Degradation of the empire 

Slayer of pure virgn flesh 
Sting against infected fears 
Seperates the skin from bones 
Till the day of burial 

Burst of famine overflows 
Fang of fetus is still strong 
Incantation of black hate 
Creation of a century 

Life of death is in the end 
Godly pitch-dark seed of hell 
Intervention of black mass 
Congregation's work is done 

Stoned but sealed corpse of the damned 
Pass to wicked selfish vent 
Semen activates the eye 
Double faced and sinister 

Madman with a pointed steel 
Sovereign of chaos 
Reign of darkness meets the eye 
Twilight of malicious figureI am counting hours, waiting for the sun to set below horizon.
Blinded by the light until the darkness will fall upon me and I become as one.

Last few restless hours until the daylight will reach its end.
I am granted with great powers but blinded by the light until the darkness will fall upon me and I become as one.

The pyre of gods, black flame within me.
Purgatory, the fire of wrath inside.
I burn alive!

Darkness will fall upon me and I become as one.Your god knows the truth
He will be the next to fall

since the creation
you made laws
conditioning and alienating
your virtue has fall

fuck your  laws
see the resistence
now it's the time
of the insurgency

the cult of wisdow
denying your plans

chorus:
we'll burn  the heaven without mercy
your god and faith will be tested
with his fears and rotten lies
we shall reign forever by ourselves

you hate us
we aren't in your plan
father and son
your fall has begun

EXCOMUNION

your god knows the truth
he will be the next to die

we are the rebels
of stronger mind
denying your communion
and all your lies(Instrumental)In 't holst van de nacht 
Trekken de heksen door de vennen 
Waar de Sabbat op hen wacht
Om het leven te verlengen
Van de koning in het woud 
Die ver verborgen leeft 
Als oer zo oud 

Allen rond die oudste eik
Diep in het woud der beesten 
dansen dronken om die ene boom 
Als een van de woudgeesten 

Voor ons schijnt de maan 
om krachten te wekken
Die diep varen in de zee van Chthrahl
Toornig en grimmig, de dood zal weer wijken 
Voor de man die nimmer sterven zal

In 't holst van de nacht 
Trekken de heksen door de vennen 
Waar de Sabbat op hen wacht 
Om het leven te verlengen 
Van de koning in het woud 
Die ver verborgen leeft 
Als oer zo oud
Met de wind wedergekeerd(Instrumental)(Instrumental)En esta noche tan fria, la calle no es un
buen lugar
estate bien tapadita
no te vayas a constipar
y al consejo ni caso, salio de casa sin
avisar
y se mezclo entre las sombras
de la calle, su segundo hogar
desde detras de la reja el cazador sale 
a cazar (el venderia a su vieja si obtuviera 
una dosis mas)
Salto detras de ella
y la acorralo en un callejon
por miedo se quedo quieta
el malnacido le grito:
[Estribillo]
Desnudate ahora mismo
te voy a hacer mujer
nadie escucho sus gritos
no lo quisieron ver
aranaba con sus gritos la pared
sucia del callejon
nadie te oia, o eso creias, o es que alguien
lo ignoro.
te metio un par de hostias
?has de callar, has de callar!
Tu callabas pero tu mente
[repetia sin cesar:]
[Estribillo]
[Solo]
[Estribillo]Om those cruel and hostile shores
Found no kindly welcome here
...And no temple bearing witness to the worship of the gods

Your eyes were never yet let it to see
Is there no means but than a sin-sick land
Arriving here is what you are destined for
Your fist of joy is but a dish of pain

These are the shores of night
And the road is marked with blood

People will take what they have been given
Both ill and good, and neither good nor ill
A young etheral figure wings across the hills...
...The deepest woods and darkest scrubs from the soil rises at our feets

Exteme silentness, down to a sunless sea
With walls and towers was girdled round
...And silent answers crept across the stars
In those caves of ice, and all who heard should see them there

Silver hoarfrost cloaks the ground
And mists of shadow fill the air
Burren trees brush the sky
And unsilent spirit silent stare

Here at the beginning of the world serpent
The waves throwing themselves at the shore
Raking the shore with long wailing fingernails
...That stream in moon-darkness(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Ritual sacrifice of a virgin just born
Lords of evil reigning in Hell we're adored
Suffering as a sweet, young child's innocence I take
Laughter thundering as I milk onto her face!

Children of Evil come to me
No longer suffer through this hypocrisy
As nature beckons you along
No longer matters which is right and which is wrong!

Vanity is the key to all the wonders we're betrothed
The blood of thine is as wine as it trickles down my throat
Cast upon us is evil bloodlust -- eternal thirst
Children of Cain suffer this vampiric curse!

Children of Evil come to me
No longer suffer through this hypocrisy
As nature beckons you along
No longer matters which is right and which is wrong!

The blood of kings and maidens alike flow through these
veins
The murder and the rape of innocence holds back these
pains
This dark gift I possess I often share
Just hold out your hand and I shall soon take you there!

Children of Evil come to me
No longer suffer through this hypocrisy
As nature beckons you along
No longer matters which is right and which is wrong!It's time to forget
The pleasure of the past
The green blackness presence
The show of my death

Wherever the light never borns... my flesh remain
The torment prevails beyond... my suffering
The strench of rotting will be... my last sign
Only these cold mountains remember... my useless life

It's time to decay
Waiting to fall(Instrumental)Reach for your razor 
Cut through the dawn 
See through your inner wrath 
keys shan't open the doors 

Behold my heart has stopped 
My lungs are laid the final rest 
And still I see and too I feel 
Yes, but to earthly eyes I am gone 
To the lands where legends never die 
Take me to the twilight land tonight 

Again and again and again, every night 
The darkness climbs through my walls 
Where the screaming is silent to the corrupted ears 
Never to any man I will spear 
My speech it has no value 
Eyes that have seen the sights 
Bleed through the ages eternal 

I ask no more 
A life has just begun 
Never, never see the sun 
And do I miss it 
No my eyes are black 
Emotions fled through eyelids closed 
Throne of thorns 
Clad in shadowsScorn to the light, erase the stars
Death to the moon and the sun
Open wide the gates beyond
A sacrifice has to be done

Contempt to the Earth, delete the sky
Death to the sun and the moon
Beasts of the night rise in gloom
Summon thy angel of doom

...arise from thy throne... appear from the world below... rise and come forth!

Descendant of the ancient gods of war
Dreadfully spread thy spawn upon this tainted world
Come forth, in anger rise up from beneath the ground
Thy curse may turn this world to ashes

Seeds of hatred prosper in the heart of man
Seeds of fear benighten body, mind and soul
Frantic screams, cry of dismay, riven by grief and despair
Cries of pain, stench of decay, manifest serpent of death

Let lightning crack to the soil, let fire crawl from below
Flames shall rise into the night, glow in the darkness so bright
Oh putrid human being, feeble creature of light
Recitate your prayers, the end is nigh

With the power of the oceans and the strength of the storm
With the rage of conflagration thy descendant be reborn
Breed thy spawn, thy kingdom come, swallow this world - let it burn
Great demise, no more disguise, manifest serpent of deathNo time to waste
Pray no more, someone is waiting
Before the dawn is over
Take your sail and fly

When the sky is not so far
When your soul burn from inside
But yourself is not alone

The Seas of Karma
Lost in time, don't you know my name
The Seas of Karma...

Lose control
Your eyes bleed, your mind's dying
Lost in a cruel pain
Your word bites yourself

But when you turn you cry wild
There's no more hands to close your eyes
Listen your soul and fly away

The Seas of Karma
Lost in time, don't you know my name
The Seas of Karma...

The Seas of Karma
Lost in time, don't know my name
The Seas of Karma...

The Seas of Karma lost in time
Don't you know my nameImpaled by the Cryptic Horns of Baphomet
Cryptic horns pierce the flesh like a spear brings your death
Baphomet raise your horns, pierce the heavens, make them bleed...

Blow you fire, burn the angels, summon soldiers to your order
Baphomet raise your horns, pierce the lambs, make them bleed...The owl opened his tired and bloody eyes to the new coming night.
He flattered his strong wings and glided outside from the ruins he lived alone.

The full moon illuminated the cemetery by squeaking through the clouds
Flying over the monastery reached the owl the cemetery

Tears were dropped onto the new grave which had black garland
Some sad man in black robes were leaving the cemetery sadly

Every night witnessed the owl a new body that came to this big cemetery
It was by his lonely house.

He carried on his life watching this tragedy
This time he didn't have his every night breakfast from the insects and the small rats

Then he made another thing he made every night:
He perched on the pine tree that saw his grave and waited for the midnight

And as he anticipated, this time she didn't visit his grave
His eyes looked for his black dressed lover, but nobody was there

He cried in agony, thinking that from now on he was all alone.
From the next tree was a female owl watching the happenings,

And she came close to him!!!...Premonition, I dreamt of horror
Knowledge of the future
I've broken through the barrier

Transcend beyond my body
The spirits call me
These nightmares are reality

Reflections - of another life
Reflections - in my eyes

Visions, victims
I've seen each death
Murder, torture
I know the next - dead

Through shadows of the night
Reaching for the light
I've seen them die
When I close my eyes

Reflections - of another life
Reflections - in my eyes

I've seen the dead
Tomorrow's victim
I've told of places I've seen
But have never seen

Terror, fear
As each life ends
Horror, dread
I've seen the next - dead(Instrumental)(Instrumental)In the Night

Each dawn stings the soul
My skin decays under the sun
(In the night) I am granted a taste of my eternal sleep
Through the day which I see as a shortened life
To end it now would please the soul
Or to ruin my masters plan
-
Your nightmares of oppression
My Dreams with a time-line
My axe in your head
My pain in your wounds
-
When your death is afterlife
Never again to light the cleansing candles
That ignite around a five-lined circle
Melting as they illuminate my nightly prayers
-
My axe in your head
My pain in your wounds
Your nightmares of oppression
My dreams with a time-line
-
Pain shifting to legend
Instead of my life regaining further
-
Density permeates the realm
as I grow nearer to the gate
Enter the white realm
Only after i drown into the black
-
I pray for my soul to dissapear
As the flame of life leaves the black candles
Which have lost their flame of life
Drawing away my own
-
Ave sathanas

Written by Beyond - Late 2005Tribute to sexual carnage
Of nocturnal procreator's
Upon the altar of sacrifice
By eyaculator fuckers...

Chorus:
Depravation
Depravation
Depravation!!!

Emperors of the scepter
Proclaim your desire
Devouring the innocence
Of virgins and nuns...

Chorus:
Depravation
Depravation
Depravation!!!

Erotic goddess
The obscene sedition
Outrage and semen
The bestial copulation...

Sex with innocent maidens
In lustful night of orgy
The orgasm is our ecstasy
And the blood is adorer...

Depravation!!!!This blood flows thick with the dust of years
This vain catharsis of bitter tears
This inner sanctum of human hands
Can't give me shelter, it will not stand

Velvet walls conceal the crown of thorns from me
Rise, faint heart and lift your eyes to see the light has come

This burden carried, too great to bear
This flesh decaying borne of despair
This cruel affliction: the raven sky
Bring me salvation or watch me die

Velvet walls conceal the crown of thorns from me
Rise, faint heart and lift your eyes to see the light has come

(x2) Quell the river's flow, bury me below
Take this cup from me, filled with memories
Can this life be saved from the silent grave?
Tear the raven sky, bring light to these eyes

Quell the river's flow, bury me below
all that once I desired
Take this cup from me, filled with memories
reaching out from the fire 
Can this life be saved from the silent grave
yearning for me to come to the end?
Tear the raven sky, bring light to these eyes
Searching for a way out of this hell

This blood flows thick with the dust of years
This vain catharsis of bitter tears
This cruel affliction: the raven sky
Bring me salvation or watch me die

(x2] Velvet walls conceal the crown of thorns from me
Rise, faint heart and lift your eyes to see the light has comeIn the midst of this morbid darkness,
where galling spirits roam,
a flickering ray of hope bears witness
of the thoroughly transforming Light.
Discover the light, freedom, light and peace!

The darkness has been tangible for so long.
Enclosed by fear of leaving the safe and known.
What is to be found?

As he turns his face, light strikes, a warm bath of love,
the Love of the Father.
Surrounded by fear caused by the friction
of contaminated feet impressions of demons
who have infected and enticed my past.
Is there healing for this victimized soul?

Come out of the darkness!
Come to Jesus!
Discover the light, freedom, life, and peace!
Be released from the cumbersome chains!

In my heart believing that the Father raised Him from the dead,
your crystal water runs through my soul,
cleanses, restores, delivers.

See, I will do everything new.
Born again, the filth is gone.
the darkness is gone.
Life embraces me in light,
a will to live fills my spirit
despite my past enslavement.
I was born here to make a difference.(Instrumental)From the dark pits of hell
Rises a new breed of warriors
Prepared after 2000 years of sleep
The last battle was lost and the book of lies was written

See now finally what you have created
Illusions of good was evil
After many times trying to find the door
You realize the key was destroyed

So majestically to watch
As they again invade this pathetic world
For this time to write the book of truth
Namely, the book of death

See now finally what you have created
Illusions of good was evil
After many times trying to find the door
You realize the key was destroyed

*Illusions of evil
For time is mearly now
You die among us
Finally to gain wisdom
Illusions of evil
Time has met its master
Burn in hell
Salvation is never again to be found

Repeat *

For death is no place and no time
It`s unholy and it`s dark
When you die you fall, you do not rise to some height
This is the work of illusions

See now finally what you have created
Illusions of good was evil
After many times trying to find the door
You realize the key was destroyed

Damnation fills the room as the first of worshippers go
Leave no trace of glory
This was meant to be, behold the children crying
But the weak must og

See now finally what you have created
Illusions of good was in fact pure evilAgain at the face of sorrow bitter tears fell from his useless eyes
But no longer hollow the desire to paint woke inside
With the saddest gladness he embraced the forgotten waist of the brush 
Breathing in with pleasure the fragrant paint and the smell of his former arts

In the blackest darkness, following only fading whispers of heart
With no chance to see it he created the fairy world in his art
And the splendid colors were so bright and so fine like they were alive
Drown in the last picture of his love, of his dream and of his delight

He created the place of dreams
Were he fell in her tender arms
All this time she was waiting him 
In this land made of love and hopes

And he held her alluring arms
And he looked into bewitching eyes
In the music of beating hearts
Where eternity never dies

He moved the brush over the canvas with hand 
And the picture he drew was the place where they have metOnce a great empire
And now a dying culture
We are the last survivors
Of a forgotten civilisation

Shut up and follow the mass
This is how they call life
Our values, our beliefs, 
They crushed them all

Though they have won we still believe
We still resist, we still exist
We're still alive
And that's our only hopeOnce I begged the stars to take me with 'em
Once I lost my tongue and eyes to be worthy
Now I'm entering the halls of eternity
The pain is incredible, but I don't feel sorrow
'Coz I'll be wandering with 'em through all eternity

Ah, it's over, I feel her almighty and peace comes to my mind
Now I am one with the stars, will wandering to where no man dwells
But one day, I will return with the power of the stars
To take away the man from the face of the earth
I'll keep watch on earth side, 'till the last days of her existance
That no human hand can hurt her again

And I will be there, when the blue planet dies
And when the sun explodes
I'll hold his hand on his last journey...

When I wandeing with stars
I will remember of the blue planet, my mother
In all eternityMarch of the black dungeoned ones
Beyond the dim they shape

March of the black demonic ones
Beyond the dim they lurk

March of the black awakened beasts
Beyond the dim they rage

Hordes of evil march
Until the end you fall
Drawned to the apocalypse
It's the age of ending

Damned In Black

The ghastly rivers whirl
Swallowing all in sight
Come the vision we await
Into the blinding depths
And never to return...

Damned In Black

March of the black dungeoned ones
Beyond the dim they shape

March of the brave
Immortal gods
From beyond the dim we rise...Taking by streams from the seas of souls
Where the siren sheds her paean
Leading astray the old man from the world
Blinded by the calling of gold

The wind stills blow words from the past
Will my voice echoes before I close my eyes?
I feel again the same sensations
And I know to these lands someday I will return

To conquer new bits of my freedom
I need to rebirth
Let me hear the songs of my heaven
It's my time to rebirth

Burning sun, don't be so cruel!
Let the night show all the bloom
In the shadows lays a soul
And some wishes for their glow

Far away now the siren song
The time has come long ago
Like a witness of all sorrow
My soul needs to live tomorrow

Let the night forgive the mistakes of the day
And we'll find out the peace for us
Screaming is around begging for a reborn
Soon the time will debunk the entire spell!

Now it sounds the time to choose the way
And destiny - my dear Yana - dying for the Sun
Dipped by the melodies of seas
And by the blasted arisen winds coming from higher
lands

Turning all the beasts in clear-headed men
For the son of the Sun
All the screams fading in painful whispers
It's going to end before long

Far away now the siren song
The time has come long ago
Like a witness of all sorrow
My soul needs to live tomorrow

For the bid of an ancient omen
Transcending all lives fallen
Cutting stones, symbols of devotion
All telluric dreams are over

All the screams fading in painful whispers
It's going to end before long
Let me hear the songs of my heaven
It's my time to rebirth

Burning sun don't be so cruel!
Let the night show all the bloom
In the shadows lays a soul
And some wishes for their glow
Right here I will be again
On the ship of life I stand
Guided for the faith and reason
In my soul time for new seasons

Where will the siren sing?
Only on the lands I have been
Right here I will be again
On the ship of life I stand!(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Ashes fall down the ground
Smoke surrounds the escaping thought
Light struggles to escape
Faith has trailed behind all signs

This dying embrace
This dying ember
Let my thoughts sprial downard
They shall drown to eternity

Grown at times a fire so high
It reached heavens reach
The flames grow into the sky
But no one hears the voice of this soul
And feels the sound it echoes behind

This dying embrace
This dying ember
Let my thoughts sprial downard
They shall drown to eternityWe hate this goddamn planet and the filthy human race.
It's time to set this world ablaze. This is what we call grace.
The source of our hatred is your disgusting existence.
Until you don't breathe anymore our language is violence.
There is nothing inside us, except coldness and hate.
The first thing you will lose is your ridiculous faith.
There is no forgiveness, only devouring revenge.
Watch the blade of the beast killing your weak resistance.

On knees you beg for mercy, but we spit in your face.
The blade decapitates your child. Fuck you, human race!
Our time of pleasure, is your endless suffering.
This face is the last you see, as your body is shivering.
Where is your fucking god, when his house is trembling?
We have the burning will to desecrate everything!
We spit on your corpse, we piss on your grave,
just to dig you out again and feed your carcass to the rats.

We are the antivists! We are here to destroy!
Everything you ever loved will die on blood soaked soil!
We are the antivists! We are the antivists! ANTIVISTS!1. One Rode To Asa Bay - Video
2. Quorthon InterviewEvil look, burning eyes,
She's a devil in disguise
Sexy reptile in your bed, deadly bite,
Now you're dead
Deep inside of your skin, evil eyes,
Mortal sin

Plunge int her demon eyes,
Dive into her sea of lies
Plunge into her demon eyes...

Killer queen, bitch insane,
deadly pleasure, deals in pain
Bloody red lips, living hell,
At her feet now you dwell
Cold as ice, burning fire,
She's a thief and a liar...

Plunge int her demon eyes,
Dive into her sea of lies
Plunge into her demon eyes...Dread the end of summer 
On the blackest of all nights, 
The feast of samhains waking 
In the mist of pagan rites. 
The sunlight now is waning 
As the undead walk the land. 
Tonight's chaos - No mortal understands... 
The festival of darkness 
Under red october moon: 
The powers of black witchcraft 
In evil winds of ruin: 
Demons ride the autumn sky 
In thunder clouds and rain - 
The gasps of forlorn souls who live again. 
Dare walking this night, ye wanderer, 
Ye life and soul you'll loose! 
When hunted by his jetblack hound, 
You'll surely meet your doom! 
His eyes are burning red like fiery coal, 
His cape - His leathery wings! 
His breath will sear your back like winds from hell(Instrumental)Born out of worlds of fire and ice
The nature of spirits embrace our lives
From the underworld to above
We worship the fertile soil

Carved in the back
Blood strained wings are dressed
An image of grotesque
The blood eagle of human flesh

Rituals for the gods
We offer our respect
The blood symbols our strength
Our pray is yours to collect

Carved in the back
Blood strained wings are dressed
An image of grotesque
The blood eagle of human flesh

Blood over a stone
The sword penetrates the flesh
Ribs are cut by the spine
Lounges pulled out of the chest

As the eagle takes it's shape
The human life expires
Salt sprinkled wounds
Flavours the blot
To the kings of ice and fireLeaning against walls, perspiring cold
being drifted, overwhelmed
by leaden forces of helplessness
inhuman urges, to senseless they push -
pressed heavy on my posture
thoughts pierce through my pulse
unable functions to hold
minutes of ending it all

Gather around me
all ye deathly forces
Take me through
the waves of bleeding
I swear I shall bear it
to wallow through the thinnest crack ever
to destroy this body
to stop it in a moment
to never feel
nothing
anymore

Unite me, thirst
Divide me, ye whisperers of long days
Wound me, ye rapist of years
Despair's crawling on my fluid loss

Faster
make your way
faster
I crave for...
in death it devours me
deeper

As I fall into the void
take me through
the waves of bleeding
I swear I shall bear it!
to wallow through the thinnest crack ever
to destroy this body
to stop it in a moment
to never feel
nothing
anymore

Bleed me out... bleed me out... bleed...(Instrumental)Last caress of cutting pain
ripping flesh from the bone
Drives my Brain into despair
wooden casket (is) my new home

I bathed
in my own blood
as it reeks
from the open wounds

in mud
i feel the stench
of sweet death
coming swiftly from behind

infernal fucking war!!!

as the end is comming fast
reaper's breathing down my neck
devil's watching my demise
he knows my soul's dressed in black

i feel
the dying chill
my brain cells fade
there's no thinking clearly

soon
my eyes will close
my body will rot
and i will fall to eternal sleep

infernal fucking war!!!Your evil fantasies can be reality
The power of the mind can realize
You could make it happen
Just close your eyes
All you have to do is fantasize
As you wish so shall it be
As you wish your fantasy
Watch what you wish for, you just might get it

Calling out on death can bring an early end
Choose your words so carefully
Ah, to be alone. And look ! The world is gone
You can't bring it back
Too late, you see !!
Call for a lover
Change the day to night
You've got the power

Watch what you wish for, you just might get it
I know what's there behind your eyes
Watch what you wish for, you just might get it
The power's there to realizeMurder the weak, dispose of the dead
No need to scorn over their severed heads
Sword in my hand, axe on my side
There's only one end - in the dead Christian's eyes

Unholy light, wherever I walk
Bound to this land, and boundaries unseen
Free from the cure - of the sub human rule
For I call upon the God's - who's fate is
bound to mine

When the fallen arise
We will forever lay at Odin's side
To the God's...
Let us burn for you!

Murder the weak, dispose of the dead
No need to scorn over their severed heads
Sword in my hand, axe on my side
There's only one end - in the dead Christian's eyes

Unholy light, wherever I walk
Bound to this land, and boundaries unseen
Free from the cure - of the sub human rule
For I call upon the God's - who's fate is 
bound to mineArise!

I am so cold, so weary
This place is dead
I can taste the decay on the breeze
I am alone, discarded
Under the cold red sun
Left amidst their lifeless bodies

Pale expressions stare back at me
Entangled by their lifeless limbs
Rotten claws reach for my throat
Pulling me into their graves
Resting in this festering necropolis
An artifical voice infects my sleep...

Deus ex Machina:
"Welcome to oblivion
Your resistance, is futile
Humanity is no more..."

This is the post-human aeon
The order of machines

Nuclear winds blow the shadows of apocalypse
Wastes that creep silently behind the fumes
The frozen land ignites under the moon's eclipse
And endless fire amongst the scattered ruins
Fragments of scorched and broken relics
Veiled by acrid smoke that hides their concrete tombs
Stagnant earth still digesting the crumbling cities
Their blistered skeletons clawing at the sky
Black tendrils reaching out from the nexus
Scrapping all trace of life into its synthetic maw

A mechanical maelstrom
Tears the flesh from my bones
Their teratoid barks mock my demise:

"Our time is now...
Your flesh is weak
Your race destroyed
Our existence, is forever..."Vala - Tell me what you see
Woman - Tell me how things will be

Odin rode to the seer seeking wisdom
Of the fate of the gods of the north
This is what Vala said unto Odin
Your doom is cold as stone

Odin - You want the truth be told
Father - The world will return to cold
Hear me - Your doom is cold as stone
Odin - Your doom is cold as stone

What you seek, I have seen, The bane of Balder
How he dies, the bleeding god, son of Odin
And the fall of the moon, and the sun above
Would you know me yet more?"Nought is given 'neath the sun,
Nought is had that is not won."
- Swedish hymnIn The Age Of Subversion I Shall Be The Visionary Of The Impending
We Are Seers Of Lifes Conclusion
Oracles Of The Dire Passing

In The Age Of Supression I Shall Be Bring The Words Of Calamity
We Are The Seers Of Lifes Conclusion
Oracles Of The Dire Passing

Observe The Declaration Of Bereaverment
Divine & Eminent In It's Lucid Truth(Instrumental)I born of seven dimensioned hell 
Bleed the agony 
I who manifest the planetary circles 
And don't exist in duality 

Do not speak to me of his existence 
He is just a lie hiding behind morality 

I born of nectar of paradise 
Free from slavery 
And the circle of life and death 
That loops all your sufferings 

The forests whispers 
The name of the one 
Lingering in the shadows 
Of great mountains 

I float weightless 
In the spirits of crimson skies 
Talking to the winds 
Away from the sun 

uneasiness of the dawn 
Inglorious serpent 
Move away against 
All our howlsUproot my faith and
I will kiss your brow, Nazarene
While drops of your sweat will plough deep wrinkles
Strip off my will
And I will repay you with prayers and confessions
But bless the sick focus

In the name of the father
Arise Christ and
From the height of Golgotha pray to die again
Arise Christ to die again

In the name of the father
Spew Jew king
Souls for the beast and fire for vicars,
Falling in pain,
Sate my conscience with your body
And quench my rage with blood
Teach us master, to fall in pain.
We were full of your food,
Drunk with your wine and we rested together
On the meager blanket of straw.

In the name of the father
Arise Christ and
From the height of Golgotha pray to die again
Arise Christ to die again

Uproot my faith and
I will kiss your brow, Nazarene
While drops of your sweat will plough deep wrinkles
White were the clouds that dirtied your sky
Like the eyes of they who handed down the testimony.

And listen to the toad croaking in the swarm of the impure
And pray to die again.(Instrumental)you walk among men blinded by their own ignorance
they speak loudly but to you its only a mutter
their cold words cannot pierce your skin
a giant amongst men they spite you
they try to trap you confine you
but the ones who have seen true beauty
can no longer be trapped you are no longer
they are no longer and never before
has man seen such beautiful deasolationYou feel the blade, you feel the cut...Black Metal Blood!
I wield the whip, I do these wounds...Black Metal Blood!
You bear the pain, you carry the marks...Black Metal Blood!
I will carve your flesh, and crush your bones...Black Metal Blood!
You feel the death, and carry the plague...Black Metal Blood!
I run my destiny, through sin...Black Metal Blood!
In the vastness of the seas, in the wastelands of my heart
My soul is immortal, black metal my blood
Under the moon of death, silent whispers of the damned
Their voices of old, tell the secrets of immortality
Black metal my blood...though the cons of eternitytoo long ago I tried your taste
my poor life now lies in waste
broken, without home, all alone
in my mind I'm already gone

hate your taste
still want more
demon sugar
I'm your whore

hideous taste on my toung
teeth grind in hellish fury
devil's breath fills my lung
nose inhales all the glory

hate your taste
still want more
demon sugar
I'm your whore

demon you took me by my hand
led me into a broken land
eyes turned black and days to night
he showed me all the pretty sights

hate your taste
still want more
demon sugar
I'm your whore

demon
I'm your whoreWhat
Will happen
Satan rises
From Hell
The world
Will end
Off with
Us all
Old prophecies
Old vengeance
End
So swift
No time for
Repentance

(Chorus)
Woe to thee
O Earth and sea
'Cause you're fucked
On December 21, 2012

Humanity's
Final
Chapter
Complete darkness 
Stalks
Us all
Black planet
Returns
Demons attack
A portal opens
We fall!

(Chorus)

Death
To thee
All Earth
And sea
For the Devil
Says
You're dead
The Annunaki
Come round
At last
We'll be slaves and food
As in the paaast!

Solo (Apocalyptic compete darkness rising from Hell)(Instrumental)The heart of the night is the oath of death
Cast your semen into the fields of night
Kill thyself, spill your blood
...Insanity is desirable...

Neither of these alone is enough
Therefore kill thyself again?
These are the laws of the universe
To be practiced in dark desolate nights

Death is as beautiful as the female body
Even though the soul is beyond life and deathHere I sit in this room,
 staring at this burning candle.
 That is my life , that is my doom.
 The loneliness I cannot handle.
 I'm fading like a dying candle.

 Fade......
 Fade away .....
 Like a dying candle.....

 The flame in my soul is fading away.
 No place on earth left for me to stay.
 From light to black through veils of grey.
 As the candle burning bright dies today.

 This empty room where I sit,
 staring at this dying candle.
 A piece of wax, that I've lit.
 Reflects the life I cannot handle.
 I'm dying like a fading candle.

 Fade....
 Fade away.....
 Like a dying candle....
 Fade away...................................Another set of rules to keep you in line
They've reserved you a space so you bide your time
Something to look forward to, something to make you feel safe
So you gave all your support to the church and state

Religion, religion, religion is a fraud
And so is the myth you refer to as God

Send your kids to school, hope they'll fit the mould
Make them learn they'll be punished if they don't do as they're told
But it's punishment enough growing up in these times
They don't need a godwash to cleanse their minds

Something to keep you content until you die
Pray every day to Jesus and all will be fine
Why don't you grow up and observe all the lies
God's only in your head, when will you realiseA gloomy shine, the light
Of fire awakens
The elements are amoving,
Screaming, agony, pain and fear
Arising...

In chaos lies divinity,
In destruction lies grace
Oh mighty goddess spread 
Your wings over my creation
Fulfill your work
Of purificiation

The storm unleashed - now!
Black sun rising - embrace
Me with your darkness!

The line is crossed
Crossed to infinity
An infinity in death-
Bringing blackness
Chaos, master of the universe!
Chaos, master of the 
endarkened earth!
Divine your fire,
Divine your apocalypse!
Unleash the storm - now!
Let the black sun rise -
To embrace me with its darkness!

The soure of life has ran dry
Step by step into the abyss
Step by step to the fall
Chaos reign shall reign,
Fire you shall breathe
Endtime arising
The astral spheres as raging
Damnation's fire dazzling my eyes,
Hateful, garish and scorching


Deathlike silences complete...

The storm unleashed - now!
Black sun rising - embrace
Me with your darkness!

The essence of purity - apocalypse!
The essence of purity - chaos!
The essence of hate - fire!
endtime ariisingThe beast in your eyes the fear in the blood repetition of the last
dry corrosion of my limbs without pain. The last words are for
losers and every time I die for not opening my eyes I scream in fron
of fear my liberty is dead for life a legend in this forgotten worlds.
Flash my esey beforethat it takes ,my brain. Dark angel crucifie my
fear for no reason. We kill now I feel the pain all fucking soldiers
to death my name is number 5 today and not tomorrow. Repetition of the
last day being nothing for your eyes every time before a human.
Bloody my dirty sight and destroys it crimson. I lick my veapon and
wait war means death for all but not for your liberty is dead
for life a legend in this forgotten worlds. This is another world
where is my life? God.Polite people you've sucked enough I'll turn my back fuck you
hypocrisy of benefactors make me puke instantly
common good and false ideals let me know what's this shit

Hit smash kill the philistine
Hit smash kill the respectable
Hit smash kill the pharisee
Hit smash kill the bigotry

I raise my fist to the sky i shout my hate to paradise
septic brain infected voice burning eyes my breath can kill
pestilence preside my path go away you tidy sheep

Die you bastard sheep
fuck you pile of shit
intolerant deathfuck
intolerant death fuck

Crush - Kill - Stab - Burn

Hit smash kill the philistine
Hit smash kill the respectable
Hit smash kill the pharisee
Hit smash kill the bigotryI force myself to sleep
It's useless
Hopelessness burns my throat
the thin damp sheets
feel so heavy

I lost the value of this life
wishing to never wake again
into this painful nothingness
Where promises rot
colors fade and flowers wilt

My body aches
I am so tired of the thoughts and whispers
that pollute my tears

An inescapable emptiness
if only I could persevere
to be more than a dimly lit memory
lost in stillness

The days are my sighs
this bed my solace

I can't even begin to recall
the number of times
I wish I wasn't awake...One-Eye you gave life to me
To betray me and take it away

Nine worlds will breathe with fire
When Odin calls my spirit home
To join his army of the slain
To ward the earth from Asgard's bane

The fallen gods who came before
And left the earth in darkened skies
To hide the truth from northern kind
And spread the deadly southern lies

Many kingdoms rise and fall
While norht star guides eternal night
To seed the next ones, future kin
To generations, northern light

My father... my father will take me away
One-Eye you gave song to me
You carried my children away

No man should see his children die
My legacy to burn with me
My words will last eternal suns
That gift at least had come from thee

The Southern ones who dwell in fire
Their dead tongues speak in woes and lies
Our children drown in seas of hate
Godsaga's song must hear their cries

My tales and words eternal songs
In carved runes that will never die
Etched in stone to last forever
Raised again to distant skies

My father... my father will take me awayThe moon rises, dripping blood in the astral sky
my grave is opened... flesh becomes nothing
the cold of the grave entices the warm flesh towards us
I leave my grave shroud on the tomb
hunting the life in the form of the wolf
the bat banner of my house is highest in night
from which know the blood bathes
the wisdom of Lilith and the lust of Cain
such is and shall always be
the flesh tears under our hooks and stakes
youth exists in our morbid kiss
knowing the grave flesh, cold grip of life
then you know our darkness
I shall return to the tomb, shrouded in the grave cloth
awaiting night again... our darkside symphony
written in the blood of the sleepingAs they die in human lies
All shall see devils in the skies
Holy witness to unholy crimes
I raise up thee with thousand eyes

Their flesh will feed our land
Blood on my hand

Bleed for me on pagans eve
Mortify their sacred hearts
Crucifiction in putrefaction
Moribound in our spellboundTwo is one
Souls unite
Fallos to the heavens
Vagina to the earth
Combine spiritual essence
Union of spirits
Shakti energies
Perverse transferrence
Connect to beyond oneself
Two become one
Intercourse of souls
Material erection
Spiritual orgasm
Manas manas manas fallos
Manas Manas Manas vagina
Will true Will one Will
Ejaculate the spiritreflections in a dark perspective
glows and shines on my body 

my vision and thoughts
had been procreated
as my wrecking , soul is bleeding 

almighty shamash!
heal my wounds ans send my spirit
to the archaic vaults
of the sun...'I leave your curlish community
and escape into the woods
but even here arrived your inanity
the ground defiled for worthless goods

the blazing sun clouds my mind
the air is thick as steel
a distress caused by your kind
injuries that'll never heal

while you fulfil your fragile needs
nature is rotting away
while I behold your useless deeds
I breathe the smell of decay

sense lost in blindness
acting without foresight
determined our death
at the end is no light

walking silent on a burned earth
future died with our roots
rotten nature was given by man's birth
nature died with our roots'Unidentified signals, from outer intelligencess
Transmitting frequenses of pararell dimensions
Sequences of nocturnal radiation
Prepares to invade my mind

I swallowed the binary information
Containing the passcode to heavens
Hidden for those who seek the light
Corrupted by the fear of the night

Imprisoned in a sanitorium for the lost race
Hided inside the rejected galaxy of the demiurg
That encage my spirit
In the world of the cosmic order

While the drones of mankind, crawling like worms
Blinded by conspiracy
Forced to feed the suffering, the rusty industry
Until death, joined the circle of the living circkus

With unearthly wisdom my body hoover over Tellus,
the corrupted syndicate of slaves
Far beyond the wastelands of the sun, fading into the unknown
Taken to higher ground of life, away from the shadows of the lost paradise

I see the light of my lightbearer, from the signals in the sky...
An end to the life where I onced lived among lie...Feel the world
Open up your eyes to life
Read the truth
Not just between the lines
No one else
Can decide your point of view
As we let them fail trying

Read the truth
And not just between the lines
No one else can decide
Your point of view
Let them fail

Now fade away
Bury your dreams
Let the darkness hide your tears
Abandoning reason
Inflicting a deadly strike
On your bleeding sympathy

Choose your path, don't wander astray
March it proud or stay behind as prey

Feel the world
Open up your eyes to life
Read the truth
Not just between the lines
No one else can decide
Your point of view
As we let them fail trying

Now fade away, bury your dreams
Let the darkness hide your tears
Abandoning reason
Inflicting a deadly strike
On your bleeding sympathyYou crave control, you kill for greed.
Lining your pockets with the power you seek.
The world is fucking dying.
We have been bowing our heads for far too long
Worshiping the wealthy, there is no need for money.
They never wanted us to be free.

They just want your fucking mind [2x]

Buried deeper and deeper among the corpses of the lives that they have destroyed.
How far do you have to look to see that something is fucking wrong?!
If there was a god he would look at us and regret that he even made us.
So keep praying and see if you get an answer
Nothing is finite
Nothing lasts forever.
The power you crave
Will destroy our world
Decay [2x]
Fearful and on the verge of chaos
We are nothing but a means to an end.
Gasping for breath in this nonexistence
Vomiting your putrid holy water back into rivers
Where is your god now
I am the abomination you fear
I created no salvation.bleed...
silent are tombs of our youth
as we lay here exhausted
with pictures of long lost friends
embraced by cold loneliness

I yearn for a breath
in this twilight of my life
as my seasons slowly
turn to grey

weak butterfly children
with broken wings
they try to follow
pale rays of light
so don't you leave me here

for every word is a freezing hurt
swansong of my withered hopes
last departure for my angels

silent are tombs of our dreams
as we lay here forgotten
with pictures of long lost friends
embraced by cold autumn rainIn the city where the sun don't show
There's people and places
you shouldn't know
Your mama said
you better watch your step
Before you know it,
it's gotcha by the neck
You break away
then it comes back again
Taking life from the body of man
In an alley on the other side
He pulls out a needle and says
do you wanna get high, get high
No home or money what should you do
You say alright,
then you push it through
You break away
but it comes back again
Taking life from the body of man
But stay away, it's liquid death
You fight it and fight it and fight it
It's got you by the neck,
by the neck, by the... By the neck
You wake up from a strike in the back
He looks at you, oh where are you at
It took your money, it took your home
Your family turned their back, now
you're all alone, all alone
You break away
but it comes back again
Taking life from the body of man
But stay away, it's liquid death
You fight it and fight it and fight it
It's got you by the neck, by the neck
By the neck, by the neck, by the neck
It's gonna choke you outRipped from the cross stigma deformed
What has been caused can't be undone
Legions of men led by thy hand
Lambs to the slaughter all happy to die
This sacrifice is eternal
Sacrifice their body in his name
In his name
I will not give in to live life in sin
Waste my life away praying for
God who does not exist pained by the ignorance
Displayed by the prophets claiming to
Wash away my sin if the price is paid
Filling their pockets to the brim
Fill the mass grave with bodies adorned with
The touch of Christ that embodies them
From the darkness they call powers of dark scriptures
To resurrect Christ in a skeletal form
Ancient words spoken for the first time in centuries
The coven is plunged into darkness
Disentomb the crypt remove the corpse of the son of god
Resurrect the dead enchant the remains back to life
Rising from the grave to infect the world with final sin
Dead will walk again In the name of him Lord jesus Christ
Spirits arise I call your name
Spirits arise I call your name
This is our eternal feeding day
This is our eternal feeding day
Disentomb the crypt remove the corpse of the son of god
Resurrect the dead enchant the remains back to life
Rising from the grave to infect the world with final sin
Dead will walk again In the name of him Lord jesus ChristSky has fallen
And it's knocked me down
Clouds just crush me
Down to the ground
Cloaked in thick air
I can't be found
Clouds have sunk
They're like a shroud

I had no hope then
Can't help me up
The can was smoking
Can't help me up
The skin was broken
Can't help me up
No words were spoken
Can't help me up

Storm survivor
Defy the clouds
Pain may soak me
But I won't drown
Phenoix Rises
From bloodless ground

Cause I've fallen
I've fallen
I've fallen

Down
Fallen down
I fell down
Man I got back up

Sky has fallen
Phoenix risesPrejudice, does this word apply to you?
Categories, most likely to be friends
With someone just like You
Are You a human, or do You rely on
Separative adjectives?

Pride (Vox By Billy)
Why do You take credit
For what You were born into?
Do Your genes give You an advantage?

Favoritism
Taking care of Your own kind
Continuing
Your own kind

Words
SAy what You mean
Mean waht You say

Hatred, afraid to accept
People different from You
Afraid to rethink
Your own values

Peace, it won't happen
Until barriers are eradicatedStuck in a state of mind 
Where beauty dies 
Where eternity rules 

I am the observer 
The bound witness 
Of my own demise 

Watching my funeral 
Loathing myself 

Smell my fresh despair 
Hear the steps of doom 
Floating in void 
Falling in gloom 

This blackened requiem 
Distorted call from Hell 

The pale horse of death, taking my soul 
Chains of tar and misery, luring my ordeal 

Burn the wings of heaven 
and forever mute 
The harp of sun 

These ruins I see 
Dead elements were gathering here 
I saw an angel 
A madman, a slender god 
He blighted everything 
Clenched the world in his hands 
Purgatory unleashed 

Fire 
Blessed 
These 
Wicked symphonies 

A river of hopelessness, burning my skin 
The grave as my home, death as my guide 
It could all end with a light at the end of the tunnel 
Warm, Aureate, dim 
Or just eternal darknessSerpent Eyes Caress An Endless Inner Source

These Moving Walls Untouched In Mortal Glare
Unseen By All This Kingdom Of Change

Shedding The Visions Of A Cold But Burning Sting Of Poison
Watching Eyes Stare As A Dusk Freezes This Horizon Landscape
Warm Filled Life Induced Through A Venomous Filter To End All
A Cold Blood To Inject Into An Unwanted Divinity Of Broken Ways

Overcome By All That Fears Its Sight
This Home To A Heartless Stone Glance
Veins Of An Unswallowed Prey A Feast
Hail This Lair That Swallows All Disease

And The Darkness Shall Be
Upon My Throne Of Might
And On Ravens Wings I Shall Fly
Into Cold Darkness

This Unblessed Dawn Will Awaken Entwined
Reflection Of This Fire Lighting The Way
Sleep Deep Within This Twisting Hunger
Infinity Of Rebirth To Take Form In Demise

And The Darkness Shall Be
Upon My Throne Of Might
And On Ravens Wings I Shall Fly
Beneath A Dark God

Unbalanced Movement... Serpentine Skill One By One
This Trap Is Set... These Wars Are To Be Won
Heaven Sounds Its Armies... Gates Fall Open To Failure
A Sheild Of Scales... No Match For War

The Skies A Light With Cherubs Holding Golden Horns Of Praise
Cadence Unsound In Charming The Deaf Underworld From Extinction

Now This Ruin Has Come
The Treacherous King Will RuleLost is where I am
Light no longer moves
It will be over soon....No more colour in my life
All empty
Can't face another day like this
I can't stand the pain I feel
In the deep of my heart

The ignorant took it all away
All that had been
All I am
Inspirations
Torn away from me
And in the void
Only grey

Blind my eyes
But I see
Tell me lies
But I know

In this world of despair
Am I just alive to bear
And when I'm gone is what's left
Is there someone who cares

In this world of despair
Am I just alive to bear
And when I'm gone is what's left
Is there someone who cares

No more colour
Emptiness
Can't face another day

No more colour
Emptiness
Can't face another dayToday i reawakened
long night dysfunctional
among bleeding wounds
and a shoulder to crying
i find myself surrounded by the solitude
the smile that calm
the kows that once again return.

The same wounds on my skin
the pain is stronger
and the simplest night
feeling the blood spill on my wrists
the ecstasy of suffering,
that i enjoy playing with death.

Because a tear down my face
because again i have the unavoidable desire
play to cut...
and the time is still stopping in silence
marked pain with blood on my wrists.It was our stage // everyone is going home // in the struggle of adrenaline
Fire in blood, Valium with speed // threecoloured light on standby
Asphalt enlightened with thousand suns
In the middle of the night // as the only surviver
Watchin' like a king // over all those who are not here
And not there // the far traffic drones like echoes
From the past to the void...From pain and despair
I gave to birth to these lines
Sum up eternal winters
Under dead skies

The lonely and the awkward
Hum to this song
Thy will, their noose
The minds of the wrong

Dressed in sackcloth
Collecting the stars
A beggar's chalice
A beggar's scars

Through pain and despair
We reach out to thee
Holding nothing
But a faithful melodyTime and time again, the police have proven to be brutal, excessively aggressive, unforgiving, and above the law. Racially profiling citizens and arresting innocent people while real criminals like the minutemen, blackwater guards, and racist groups run free to beat, oppress, and kill. the history of the police is stained with blood. 
It is time to make them pay for their actions.


The pressure's growing, 
the smell of revolution in the air. 
The blood is flowing,
The ones with the scars to bear.
Excessive force,
Unprovoked brutality is authorized. 
They stay the course,
Trained so they're desensitized. 

Active Resistance, 
Protest against the atrocious state. 
Miserable existence,
Working to eliminate. 
Underground builds, 
Animal and earth liberation.
The streets will fill, 
With the ones who will save the nation.Time...
A little thing that I call my mind
You and I just to stay a while
Years of silence, sleeping and decay
Stay with me just another day
For I become fulfillment, strong and calm...

Whatever - Times are changing
Whenever - Years are breaking
Wherever - I wake up so
I am just a cogwheel in this world

Seas of silence and decay
It is just, just another day
And I am able just to walk on...

Whatever - Times are changing
Whenever - Years are breaking
Wherever - I wake up so
I am just a cogwheel in this world

Dreams...
Nothing seems to be unreal now
Waking up, walking back somehow
I see myself free now in this maze
So I am here to stay...

Whatever - Times are changing
Whenever - Years are breaking
Wherever - I wake up so
I am just a cogwheel in this worldAlone in the dark chamber,
Watching the fire of the burning candles,
Everything always reminds me of you

Underneath the gray skies,
In the cold winter breeze,
Your presence is always haunting me

In the deepest depths of my mind,
Your voice somewhere echoes,
And after all is lost and forgotten,
We are nowhere to be found or remembered

Underneath the gray skies,
In the cold winter breeze,
Your presence is always haunting me

And finally
Our souls
Rest in peace
Forever.Fire in my eyes smoke in my brain I don't
Believe (in) what I hear I don't hear my
Beliefs androgens as hormons in my
Body are sising adrenaline (like a river)
In my blood and ice-cold tarantula crawls
On my back a sensation of pleasure pleasure
Of justice red eyes in the night alone with
My sword and my enemy in my mind his face
Is a mask of blood and his eyes open wide but
All those things are not happened yet I'm the
Iron eagle an iron cross humanity justice and
Honour the wrath of gods no god to break
My will of revenge at my court death dies I'm
The punisher - run bastard you'll feel my
Breath on your neck no god will sabe you cry
You're already dead a blade cut the air blood
On my face in a foggy night the only sound is
The one your body makes when I hear you apart
Dork you'll be the dish of the birds and the
Worms will drink your blood I'm the joke of
God the man eater I'm flagellum dei, I'm the antichristOne day I'll have a boat and a sea, salty coils of rope, fish and breeze. Sometimes I'll see land - hear it's wind twisted sounds, raise my black sails high and lead my ship aground. The air will be thick with grey; shafts of orange carry black screams across the blazing fields. The work will be done. The moon will be full but I will not. The tendrils of sea will tighten their grip and begin to pull me back - back to where I feel most alive. Back to where I will surely die. Lightning flashes in the distance and the sea begins to growl, but I feel no fear...Will you be the carrion to inspire
The ravens of lust
Will you please the weak empire
The only kind that lasts
After all the tributes
To the bloody regime
You'll have to pay the price
For being canonized

Still you lack things to believe in
In the world of make-believe
A life to die for is hardly worth living
When it hurts to live

The vulture in human form
Put into greatness by the swarm

Will you search for martyrdom
To redeem the righteous hate
Will you refight the battles won
Without the bondages of faith
With all the powers you hold
Will you ever dare 
To practice what you preach
To face the one you leech

Pleasant is truth but the one you evade
Vicious are dreams but the ones you create
Those feeding desire to manipulate

Scars of submission are too deep to be healed
When the damage inflicted to the one who won't bleed
The one who will nourish the machine as you didNight cold winds can blow just rage 
Against mirrors of the living past 
Where a never ending wonder reflect's 
How air shall smell, outside a cage ? 

As the days are washed in rain 
No coffins are buried deep enough 
For mankind fate, so far above 
To be aware, to rust in vain. 

Sardonic tears of times wisdom 
Always flows within mute madness 
Whispering voices, of souls so lifeless 
Towards the shades of this kingdom. 

As eternity still condemn 
Morbid glories of what once was 
Color dies in lifes spirit draws 
Forced into inexistence, to descend.Winter still sun, spirit of the trees
Splintering wood, shadow in a forest
Malicious entity consumes my mind
Splintering wood, with force of nature
Become Immortal, the forest god
Winter solstice festival
Appease the black goat, shub-niggurath
The black goat of the woods
With a thousand young bornOur father who art in Hell
Hallowed be thy name
Thy kingdom come thy will be done
On Earth as it is in Hell

We take this night our rightful due
And trespass not on paths of pain
Lead us into temptation and
Deliver us from false piety

For thine is the kingdom
Of power and glory forever
We shall praise your unholy name
Satan shall emerge again

AmenHoned edge of deceasement, carving the sign of evil bliss.
Body left perforated, innocent victim of a twisted sickness.
Face slashed beyond recognition, broken pieces fall from the skull.

Intestinally punctured, bleeding internally.
Bursting shocks of pain, exceed.
Subsequent mutilation, violence infests in a man.
Leaves him burning with anger, outburst from hell.
Suffer with every dying twitch, gored remains of the human shell.
No one left to hear your cries, burcher's soul fails to be satisfied.

Psychotic, deranged, abominated.
Multiple stab wounds, malefic incarnated.
Termination's tool bites unwilling flesh.
Infinite blood can never, can never quench.

Painful suffering attacks the mortal side of real life.
Conscience hears only words advising it to strike.
Alliance with the blade, obsession bores into the mind.
Trail of violence without end, string of corpses left behind.
To avoid the capture of your many mentors.
Forever slicing life to sustain your own.

Burning sensation inflicted.
Leaving the body lacerated and bruised.
Emotions transpired as rage, leaving multiple stab wounds.
Overcome by the malevolence, deprived of an end without pain.
Corpse lies in an alley with inflictions, to rest you pray.

Psychotic, deranged, abominated.
Multiple stab wounds, malefic incarnated.
Termination's tool bites unwilling flesh.
Infinite blood can never, can never quench.

A soul infested with nihilist beliefs leaves it burning abhorred.
Evil intentions covered with disgust, possession undertakes its bloody chore.

Final strike of the mayhemic knife, as he lay gasping.
To become one with the ground.
The last to look upon his eyes is the next to adorn the assasin's crown.Redeem Deny

Money from the genius mind
Who help create the master plan
Rulers underground beneath the surface
Slowly wakening

Futuristic weapons just created
For your suffering
Made in his own image
Just to see we did where we'd go wrong

[Chorus 1:]
Tempted from the fruits of life
An onward search for destiny
Callous people reach for power
Leadership and reasoning

[Chorus 2:]
Redeem deny
Redeem deny

Promises are glorified
The evil sins of deadly fiends
Money money changing hands
To buy the world of all demand

[Chorus 1]

[Chorus 2](Instrumental)Describe your pain 
 I drink to death 
 Luxurious waves of vomit 

 I never condescend to acknowledge 
 I go on with life 

 The crucified 
 By the thousands 
 Every day 
 Lavish nails 

 So that they know how to behave 
 It's all they understand(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Lyrics by Tolis Yovanitis)

Numb in amazement
Ecstatic within the awe of realization.
And acceptance.
Such is the condition of the non-illuminated being
Against the mere coherence.
Of cosmological absolutes.

Blissful through the sanctification.
Of comprehensional incapacity.
The gift of Anti-Life.
Woe to you , o Universes!

Blissful through the sanctification.
Of comprehensional incapacity.

Gone is the concept
of general relativity.
Dominant is the equation.
That prevents expansion.

Revel in the sound.
Of Omni-Collision.
Breath in parallel.
With the ghastly echoes of Catastrophe.

Such is the apprehension of the illuminated.
In conjunction with erratically reshaped Universes,
all matter of calamities are unleashed
In Anti-Life.Contention
In a shape of you is despair
I will follow everywhere you go
And break the spell

And just
for the sake of any kind of mankind
You will have to bleed
And bring yourself to rest

In search for something different
Magnificent
Almost like a lie

Introduction
Behalf of the atmosphere
You will follow 'till the end of dark
And touch the light

And just
For the course of honesty
All the stories but your grieve
Is suddenly brought to you

Is somewhere someone innocent
Intelligent
No use to try

You'd better bring me down
To find a reason for this pain
You'd better bring me down
I'm not that stupid
Dejection

But no one has to know
Cause you're the one to bear this load
And stand the mockery

And just
For the sake of all this kind of mankind
Now it's time to bleed
You've brought you're self to rest

In search for something different
Magnificent
Almost like a lie

You'd better bring me down
To find a reason for this pain
You'd better bring me down
I'm not that stupid

Far beyond the seeds of this reality
They could see the little one
And he was trying but no one knew why
They just discovered the fear in his eyes
And the new it was eternal
And because he'd been refused the gift of felling hate
He turned his anger into sorrow
And decided that no one could ever talk to him again

You'd better bring me down
To find a reason for this pain
You'd better bring me down
I'm not that stupid(Instrumental)Take my life out of your major plan
I'll not be a part of your scam

Hey you're all

Twisted lying condescending hating murders
Fuel the fire; fill your pockets make a profit

Hey unfurl

I'll take my fate and go my way
To where these places call me
I'll never return

Shit
Look at the ants march for a false cause
Their lives don't mean dick to their laws

Hey unfurl

I'll take my fate and go my way
To where these places call me
They'll never return

I'll take my fate and go my way
To where these places call me
Souls list lies no more

Cut loose the ties that bind you to sovereignty
Witness the day of new rebirth
Cast the rock of the restless crowd
The cries of the masses rings brutally loud
We'll seize the day and a lifetime of pain
Will crumble before us

Now it crumblesHeading towards the lungs of Hell,
I'm the spirit and flesh of lucifer
I'm the one who enters your mind,
I'm greater than death, on wings of evil I ride
I steal your soul, I empty your veins, your blood is life,
Your blood is my source

You see my name written in blood,
You see the sign: No way out!
Get ready to die my friend, butchered, slaughtered, strangled, hanged
Enter the domain between life and death,
Brutal torture lies ahead
First I cut your fucking face off then straight to the acid bath

Midnight, I am turning into the devil...
Midnight, Hell has arrived
Midnight, my skin is melting,
As I am becoming pure evil

When I have released all my demons,
My vengeance is done,
The arrival of the end has come.
Bow for the almighty slayer of doom,
The end of the world is soon

Heading towards the lungs of Hell,
I'm the spirit and flesh of Lucifer
I'm the one who enters your mind,
I'm greater than death, on wings of evil I ride

Midnight, I am turning into the devil...
Midnight, Hell has arrived
Midnight, my skin is melting,
As I am becoming pure evil

When I have released all my demons,
My vengeance is done,
The arrival of the end has come.
Bow for the almighty slayer of doom,
The end of the world is soon(Instrumental)These are the spiritual forms of coma
We have entered a new definition of tradition
With wounds that cannot be cut
Any deeper any wider
Idiosyncraticunhumaninstinctsofman

Turning strength to a wreck of weakness
With fire and steel burned onto their foreheads

Brandings which mark a new act of behaviour
As we feed angels with pitch and tar

Centres of inhumanity
The foundationwalls of Utopia
A kingdom of splendid might
A stronghold of inviolablesA cold Swedish winter dawn is upon us
The moon can still be seen
The forest is dark, and filled with shadows
And so are the lonely hills of the night

In the cold north of Sweden
Were only the strongest survive
The howling of a lonely wolf
Drowns the mighty sound
Of the cold winds in the spruces

In a cold Swedish winter dawn
Were no light exists
And the darkness covers the snowSophia awakes from a provoked sleep
And the Demiurge's throne is rotting to ashes
While Luciferian Light shines through us
From the bottom of the deepest realms of mind...

Sophia! As teh bringer of Light
A femala Luciferic manifestation
Chaining my flesh with my thonrs
To silence Their unknown Light!

As Souls get darker, they find Light
As the runes set abalze, the static, remains.
Aeons rotate the swastika galaxies...
I travel these aeons to the depths of Void.

Monolithic stones, a ritual homage to the old Gods
A pagan knowledge through the hand of a light bearer.
The Demiurgue provokes through his kingdom of flesh,
The spirits of its followers have no power!

They are not imprisioned and unable to speak,
For these, you call "the living", they have no life.
For there, you call "the living", are no more,
No more, than what physical flesh will ever be...

Our Spirit roams, since before we were here!
This is Our Gate throgh the Chaos assymetries.

We awake from a provoked sleep...
The Spirit-world has been ruined and broken
From Darkness, a new Light is born...
The Gate doesn't need the keys: the seal was broken!(Instrumental)I am the dead eyes that reinvigorate your spite for mankind
I am the dead hands that bind you to the ice
I am the dead arms that pull you under
We were bitter adversaries
Yet we now drown together
And an eternity later
I can still feel your presence
Like a storm cloud that never rains
Our auras, eternal companions
And I am still the antagonist(Instrumental)Water 
I drown 
The source of life 
I kill thee 

Air 
To pollute my lungs 
The fluid of disease 

Fire 
Burn the sky 
Then I will be able to breathe 

Earth 
To destroy the earth 
No life, no hope 
For the future of mankind 
In nothingness 

Life 
I take your life 
Streams of blood 
Weakness in flesh 
Unclean 

Death 
Clean and cold 
Beyond infinity 
Into the world of purity 

Human 
Selfdestruction 
The instinct of man 
Weakness 
Lost in temptation 
Dead"And tell me Father what should I do 
when I'll face them all alone 
and they will come to me wearing masks 
masks that look perfectly like our symbols of Faith" 

My Devotee, my incestuous bride, my rape fantasy come true 
when your story began the Devil was there 
taking care of your mother's sinful pregnancy 
he gave us details and instructions 
he made us mad, and delusional 
he made us turning violent and dirty as pigs 
he gave us desease and strenght 
but he blessed our Work, our Blood and our Path 
De inferno! Demone Satanae qui custos es mei! 

With salt and urine 
your arteries have been filled 
little by little since your birth 
it has been an intentional, visual and carnal poisoning 
a religious corruption for you 
aiming to turn your human part into a Serpent of Fire 
I bet you can discern easily who's with or against us, now 

But it's a long way, my daughter... 
it's a long trip, my child... 
and all my words may sound different to you 
they travel via different Spirits 
connecting through different sources 
with one purpose, one goal that is always just the same 
and when they get to your heart 
seems like the pain, it will never end 
but the climax is eternal 
and believe me! 
the power is overwhelming 
Oh great SATAN! Oh TRUTH! 
Blessed be your hand of pestilence! 
Upon her head! within this family! 
Above this house! within this unity! 
I invoke you my master SATAN, BLESS US!The Everlasting Fire

There's no difference between night and day
Without sun or moon I move
The only candles that enlight my way
Are the blazing flames of you

You are the flames of the everlasting fire
You are the wings, the wings that take me higher
You are the fire, you are the light
You are the key to my salvation
The final day of this sorrow inside
This is the way to my last destination

All insanity that led me astray
My deepest darkest thoughts came true
The only hope that enlights my way
My last believe are you(Instrumental)[Oriana's conscience: Amanda Somerville]

[Oriana:]
Tonou yeawr din fielor.
Yearw refethou tourw naervol aerl sessopwr
Leafir aerthoutun edb,
Jewraen haen Syrius thnoudeti ere,
Shyarth duroul asronyth d'emteld
Etin teldan aemocryth swrulaj?
Laet, d'iri ismythou traeln tin lalae
Lem nor, henosh rennwr evolaesh
Soltnae jewri lemnoshae amer:

[translation:]
(Everything is so perfect
perfect, yet so completely strange at the same time
I've never met you, the name Syrius says nothing to me
And yet I feel I've known you forever
Does this have a greater meaning?
Yes, it seems you and I have a long
And beautiful song ahead of us
But no, I have no fear because I feel the love in you)Hollywood Daze


Diamonds and pearls
A pile of gold
But IQ just sixty-two

Two little dogs
That couldn't walk
One pink room only for shoes

Blue days - black nights
Let me take a look in your eyes
White lines - red eyes
Sweet lips gonna tell only lies
Lies - lies

Hollywood daze break the shadows
Hollywood daze turn out lights
Cannot even see the last horizon on their flight
Lonely daze (Living lies)
Hollywood daze break the shadows
Hollywood daze turn out lights
Cannot even see the last horizon on their flight
The daze of Hollywood
(Jet-Set Hollywood)

Too much to talk
But nothing to say
Barbie's set up for the show

The dollars spend
They didn't gain
RealiTVty overflow
 




Words & Music : Oliver Scheer, Gino Naschke,,...onse again I climb...
the phenomenal dimension left beneath...
the mountains that bear the wisdom...
and the forests, and the lake, and the stars that joined...
singing their song while I begin my last journey...
a glance into the essence..
the time attempts to close its circle...
still no distance between the beginning and the end...
in the cold where no life nor death exists, all is finally done...
me...
and infinity..."This will make corpses of us all. The old world burns and drives the machine of war. 

Now close your eyes and picture your last sunset. Sun has failed and moon is dead. With hearts entwined laid to rest. With slit throats now you see the joke of ever believing in me. I'll be the shoulder to die on when truth doesn't set you free. Crucify me one more time just so I can watch myself bleed. 

There was A time when I thought my soul was saved but it was A little too slow and A little too late. At the time I thought it meant everything  turns out it didn't mean anything.
 
I pray to god this kills you, I pray to god this kills us both. (2x) 

I'm begging for youth suicide and third term abortion. I'm here to see purity's crucifixion and witness A genocide initiative. Genocide initiative. 

You'll have to cut away the smile on my face after I get a taste. Now close your eyes and picture your last sunset. Sun has failed and moon is dead. With hearts entwined laid to rest. With slit throats now you see the joke of ever believing in me. I'll be the shoulder to die on when truth doesn't set you free. Crucify me one more time just so I can watch myself bleed. 

There was A time when I thought my soul was saved but it was A little too slow and A little too late. At the time I thought it meant everything  turns out it didn't mean anything.Haunting the black night
Dreaming the evil spell
I pronounce my doing!!!
At time when the wicked gathered to sacrifice
Centuries of the horned god
Proclaim its unholyness
Upon the altars of deceipt and betrayel!

Conjured by the lusts of christians

Horns of hate and vileness
Skewer the sun so we may enter shadowsWhen the day fades into night
And hope drains from your sight
Who will be left?

When the castle shall fall
And defeat stands up tall
What then is left?

History shows failures engraved eternally on the tombs of the past
Seek out a constant truth, the total absolute that will always last

When the memories die
And for years you cry
Who there is left?

When abandoned you are
And death is not far
What will be left?

When you pass beyond this life
And face the sacrifice
What will be left to you?

After all things and people end with the coming of age
Who is left to restore your soul and open your cage?
Who then remains?

Questions of real significance, for they hold the keys to your fate
Ignorant bliss is momentary, but still will eternal regret await...(Instrumental)I have no mercy 
Break their necks 
Crush their souls 
Lay them to eternal rest 

Send your wrath upon those who oppose us 
Devastate their minds, their homes, their souls 

Eliminate - Destroy - Take over 
The disease of mankind - The sickness of life 

The curse of existence - Out of humanity - Out of the universe - Out of everything 

The Call Of Pazuzu 
For our strength 
For our will 
For our eternal reign 

The Call Of Pazuzu 
Let us swallow their dreams 
Their lifes 
Their souls 

The Call Of Pazuzu 
Send your wrath upon those who oppose us 

The Call Of Pazuzu 
For our eternal reign 

Swallow 
Their screams 
Their lifes 
Their energy 

Eliminate - Destroy - Take over 
The disease of mankind - The sickness of life 

The Call Of Pazuzu 
For our strength 
For our will 
For our eternal reign 

The Call Of Pazuzu 
Let us swallow their dreams 
Their lifes 
Their souls 

The Call Of Pazuzu 
Send your wrath upon those who oppose us 

The Call Of Pazuzu 
For our eternal reignLove for the Fatherland empowers
The souls and hands of Russian sons;
They each desire to spill their blood,
They draw their strength from sounds of war.

All hail the Fatherland

How does the mighty lion scare
A wolf pack baring poison teeth
Showing ferocious, gleaming eyes?
His roaring quakes the woods and shore,
His tail churns up the dust and sand,
Uncoiling mightily, he strikes.

All hail the FatherlandLost in thought
I contemplate
Seek the pleasures of silence
The comfort of its embrace
The warmth of her embrace
Searched the depths of religon
Followed their false gods
The illusion of acceptance
Realize and thrive
Standing before you
A banished man
I've fought hard for my beliefs
Yet alone still I stand
The thing most sought
Will come at my death
I now know that I
Must take my last breath
I now know I
Must take my last breath
Acceptence in silence
That which I seek
The day will come
And I accept my fate
As I lie her and wait
Accepting the silence
That will come to me
That will be coming
The thing most sought
Will come at my death
I now know that I
Must take my last breath
Breath, breath
I must take my last breath
Acceptence in silence
That which I seek
The day will come
And I accept my fateEven if we expect heavy seas ahead
We abandon from our paths
The light at the horizon draws to a close
And darken clouds soared above us
The day I turn my head down
And found me forsaken
Is still far away
For all what's taken from me
And left unfinished
With every passing day
I don't need a handkerchief
Cause I have no more tears to shed
I don't need your charity
Ashes and ruins are left behind
Even in a lake of emptiness you can set an anchor
Grey reminders of bygone times,
I've payed heed for my life, instead of living it
Are gone with the wind so far
That's drifting me closer the horizon
I've payed heed for my life, instead of living itHail great Aris, powerfull, 
Warlord, destructor 
Untired with your pike in hand 
Protower of Olympus 
Ferapsi, Polissoe, with your shiny 
Armour platting 
Father of warfare nike 
And assistance of Themisto 
Vrisamante ovrimothime, amogite, tyrant 
Hail great Aris, philopoleme, 
Cranosisti, conquerer 
Listen the voice of the mortal, 
Epicoure, giver of beautiful youth 
Give me the power and courage 
To entering in gold battle 
To disint agrate the cowardice feeling 
From my mind and soul 
Give me the warfare power to 
Stay alive in the battleCursed Are The Vanquished

Hoary falsehoods told by them
Madness held on from the past
Split opens the worm - eaten
Lies that have been made to last

Invert the cross of lies and
Tear down their books of chaos
Torture their blind disciples
And slit through their blackened throats

Cursed are the vanquished now
Usurp the false holy throne
No beliefs will standeth sure
Decimation of the church

Mortal sins and fucking wrongs
Spewed forth from their rotting cunts
Exterminate them root and branch
Cast them out now forever

Decimate!Hypostasis- Nous De Culto Christos Dogma

Efigie de un Cristo establecido 
Escencialismo como doctrina general 
Axroma de conceptualizacion 
comsiderada como juicio primitivo

Naturaleza identica a la del mundo 
Univoca la concepcion de sustancia
Dios / cosas como aspectos de reliadad unica

"Dios causa incausada ser necesario
y perfeccion suma responzable del 
orden existente prescripcion eclesiastica 
del creador"

COMMISA DECUSSATA
INTERMISA COMMISA
COMMISA DECUSSATA

'Revelacion pagana Jehova !!!'Moonfog...
on the visualized nightsky
alone I stand
cold winds of blackest dark
fill my embrace
snow calmly falls
memories, so faded, so
forgotten views, so beautiful,
so dreamed
now exists again shadow...
Of the darkest dance
under the moonglow
steels my soul, steels my soul
I stare my lifeBlood vessels constitute benign density
Hematal cluster, harmless malgrowth
Disruption of seminal fluids
Birth defects causing infertility

Useless girth encompasses surrounding reproductive organ
Incrusted with a gory reminder of visceral distinction

Flaccid mass existence
A creation without form or function
Distortions of the flesh
Formations erase orientation

Sexual amputee, grotesque impotence
Separating procedure inconceivable
Medical prognosis, asexuality

Suffering through abnormal fluctuations
Birth defects causing infertility
Permanent life of malfunctioning without pleasure only pain[1. The Battle Ends]
[On the battle for power between Zeus & Hades, Hades is defeated. During the sad return to his domains, the innocent game of Eros and Afrodita comes in his way. An arrow will decide his future feelings. It is then when he crosses looks with Core and desire needs to be fulfilled.]

[2. A mighty crash]
[Zeus tries to stop Hades, but this time nothing will prevent evil from happening. He'll accomplish his will at any price; it goes beyond power and reason. Core will be his.]

My ambition, you may put to an end
But not what my heart needs
You may have won a battle
You won't win twice in a day

Who do you think you are?
Take what's left of your deadly legions
And get back to the hole you came from

I've come to take what is mine
I don't need your approval
You'll regret having come today
You've won the Earth, you lose something you love

You are playing a game you can't win
I'm the one who writes the rules
You will face the punishment you deserve
You'll crawl asking for forgiveness
There's no place you can hide

Guiding his horde of death
He returns to the place where souls are condemned
New troops of doom enrolled after the war
Even in defeat he has won

The abyss within his blackened soul
Consumes and isolates him
A threat arises, unholy desires
Will bear the Light to exile

I'm a slave of my own needs
Out of control, out of my mind
A nightmare I live, I can escape
I'll return to claim what is mine

He wants to get rid of the inner pain
Inflicted by the game of Beauty and Love
An arrow stroke and cursed his heart
Slave to her love, touched by her sight

There's only one way to satisfy my desire
She'll be powerful by my side
But still I can't reach her; it burns in me
I know she wants to come; she'll come to me

Goddess of evil, queen of the dark
Lady of souls in despair,
Under the guide of your will
Reign for all time among us

For all time!! - She'll come to me

[3. Dark Thoughts From A Dark Heart]
[Between shadows, Hades' wounded heart fights to be heard, Core will be by his side, and her will forever will be obeyed, no matter what. Blinded by love, Hades is ready to be on his way.]

In my dreams I feel you
You live in my reveries now
But soon, here in the underground, you'll be queen
Queen of all you see, and all you feel

I belong to you; you have to get to me
You belong to me; I'll get to you

All light on earth vanishes
There'll be no escape for her now
And so the land opens,
And so I unleash my wrath

The undead will be one with me
No one will get in my way
There's nothing that can stop me now
So I'll fulfil what's to be done

And in my carriage
Ride by black stallions
I'll leave with no breath
The one that I belong to

Nor her tears nor her pain
Will stop my commitment
And I won't fail to the image of her
I'll follow my will

'cause the will of my heart goes beyond my mind

[4. And So, It Happens]
[Hades, followed by his hordes, appears in front of frightened Core. Firmly he takes what his heart asks for, to make her queen of his world, the Underworld.]

[Lord Of The Underworld's Theme]

And the sky turned black and with a mighty roar
the earth cracked

And his will embraces her soul
as she meets her fate

And suddenly, coming out of the night
I feel it coming for me. I feel it's coming. But why?
A strange feeling arises from the depths of my fears
Bursting me into tears

But why...
I can't free myself
Helpless...
No chains or ties but a sweet caress
I can't understand it
It's leaving me defenceless

[5. Nine Days]
[With Core by his side, Hades tries to win her confidence offering her power, a kingdom and his love. He won't stop against anything, but it won't be easy.]

I offer you my heart
Sit by my side on your queen throne
And rule for ages to come
This dark World that I give to you

Hours were days and days were eternal dreams
Confusing her mind seeing her beloved captive
Though in his black heart his evil nature still alive
Would have to corrupt her soul, condemn her to his side

Wipe the sadness from your face
You'll learn to love your new reign
Ask what you will but your freedom
You're now prisoner of my heart

Prisoner of my heart!

Confusion tears running along her cheeks
Lost in the immensity of darkness in the Underworld reign

Show no fear when you deliver on to me
Let me carry you between the shadows
Feel the power within you
Feel the flame inside of me

Your face will show no more fear
and your severe look will turn
no more light in your days
stay by my side - by my side

[6. Doubts Are Seed]

[Solo Carlos]
[Solo Jordi]
[Solo Carlos]

[7. Hermes Journey]
[Hermes delivers the message to the Lord of the Underworld. It is necessary to let her beloved Core go free the world from the consequences of his acts.]

Through skies and seas
He is sent to deliver the message from the Father of Gods
The threat was received by the Lord of the Underworld

[Solo Carlos]
[Solo Miguel]

[8. Tasting The Forbidden Fruit]
[Nine days and nine nights Hades had to get Core's heart, but it wasn't until she was starving to death that the inevitable happened, she ate the forbidden fruit, condemning herself forever.]

For days starving she has been
she'll succumb to the traitorous hunger
Then forever she'll be mine, mine and none other
We both know the forbidden fruit is cursed
to those that don't belong here
Eating it means you'll be condemned forever,
I'll wait for you to fall

The damned fruit from the dark abyss,
although she knew the danger she was facing,
was the only way Core had to satisfy her hunger
She knew she'd be condemned if she ate it
And doubts had been seed inside her
Her pure mind started to crumble
And the world fell over her, darkening her mind

As you breathe the vicious air
A part of him takes control of you
Fight and consume your hopes of freedom
Soon your soul mine will be

[9. The Underworld]
[Hades shows Core, now Persephone, the reality of her new reign, and she observes from her throne, she likes it.]

No day no night, no sand dripping hours
Time belongs to him and to the dreams of the condemned
Covered by hate and fear are the darkened walls
Covered by the blood of inside crawling sadden souls

[10. Meeting The Light]
[What then was the need to leave now is doubt. Core knew her place was by her mother, but Persephone is now the one on the way to Demeter.]

Held captive no more
I've been released to meet the Light

But why?
I'm not sure I want to leave
Something has grown inside of me.

But why?
I no longer feel helpless
No longer feel defenceless

I'm not sure where my place is anymore...opposing wounds cascade 
torn from their weakness 
grains of sand colliding 
to smother shifting depths 
lost in their swallowing 
to writhe 

in reflection of this 
broken body sinking 
submit to the unclean 
threat immoveable 

execrating shadows 
behold the incessant 
wielding of the image 
threat in confliction 

shard fall upon flesh 
revealed against light 

purify reflection 
barrier for resolveCorrupt with hedonistic greed
Man is left astray.
The fools,
With out-stretched hands,
They are the manifold,
They are the prisoners,
Who unknowingly,
Seek salvation.
 
Break-
Pulsing cage,
The womb,
The genesis,
The prison we claim
 
As it grows decrepit
It is renewed.
A foul circular motion
Of horrid flesh.
 
Rise,
Crush,
Purge the self of the malignant!
 
We,
Must,
Destroy the tumor called flesh!
 
The iron made maiden,
With her promises of lust.
Like the flies of Venus.
Mankind is crushed.
 
From the womb whence we came,
We return.
Like the phoenix cloaked in flame,
From the ashes we are born.
 
Immortal,
The sick fools are pleased.
Comforted,
That they are not free.
Ignorant,
They will never,
Be set,
Free.
 
Corrupt with hedonistic greed
Man is left astray.
The fools,
With out-stretched hands,
They are the manifold,
They are the prisoners,
Who unknowingly,
Seek salvation.(Instrumental)(Instrumental)A beast approaches
In this winding labyrinth
The walls moist with echoes

My blade finds no deathblow
No weakness is apparent
A battle so futile
From each wound pours a sea of serpents
No head to this nemesis
No end to this struggle
An endless ouroborus
Feeding upon its own demiseIn this glory night
We, the Enacim Horde
Raise our arms to hail
The triumphants darkness
Of our Glourius Lord Belial

Crowned Prince of Hell
Unholy Master of Earth
Lord of Northern Winds
Belial!!!

Spreacing the chistian blood
In this unholy land
Was declared war
Against all religions
Destroying your slavery empire
We open the door of eternal wisdon

Under shadows of Belial's Throne
The final attack begins
Prophesying the end of blindness

Infernal blood, death and chaos
War, chaos, eternal devastation
It1s our unique legacy
Destruction!

The sound of swords attacking
The vision of the fire burning
And the clamour of battle
Are hymns calling us
To the fight in the name of evil

The torment is only starting
for all you!!!
Die in pain!!!
By my hands!!!

War, chaos, eternal devastation
It1s our unique legacy
Destruction!

Lustful sin( [B] = Sung by Fredrik Jacobsson (aka. Beretorn), [V] = Sung by Marcus Norman (aka. Vargher) ) 

[B] - I have seen the kingdom vile
Where flames scorch the blackened sky
I saw this land of freezing dreams
In my dreams I flew with shadow wings

[B] - And I have seen a king arise
He rode in flames throughout the sky
This was a forsooth the one fortold
His face was veiled in dust and rime

[B] - I saw this vision
In my dreams
Where the fallen seems to rise again
Onthrough the night
I saw him ride
He owned the sky
and his pride burned bright

[B] - And the dragon - whispered cold
Like a wind from the north
He opened gates - since aeons closed
And told me when twilight shall come

[B] - I have seen the kingdom vile
Where flames scorch the blackened sky
I saw this land of freezing dreams
In my dreams I flew with shadow wings

[B] - And I have seen a king arise
He rode in flames throughout the sky
This was a forsooth the one fortold
His face was veiled in dust and rime

[B] - This night of mourning winds
The serpent spread his wings
His eyes shone like the moon
"Be on with me", he droned

[B] - And through this forlorn night
A choir of doom was heard
The dragon rode the wind
And I was one with him

[B] - With shadow wings - I rule the sky
For aeons 'til eternity
I'll break the world and challange god
My sword is hunger, plauge and sin

[B] - I knew my fate was written in the flames
Of the sky, in the fire of his eyes
In the flames of the dragon's burning eyes
The vision was crystal clear

[B] - And yes, I felt the winds
The winds of time, for me they blew cold

[B] - And the dragon rode these winds
He flew through time, with shadow wingsHate
She hates what you did before
Don't you see what I say?
Though it's what she wanted
Remember you and her
Slave
She was your slave before
Slave without chain in hell
It's time for you to shake
'Til you die

You're gonna die, without her love
You're gonna die, without her love
You're gonna die, without her love
You're gonna die

Truth
You think her body is truth
Don't you see what I say?
You must pay what you deserve
Remember you and her
Time
There's no more time to wait
Don't take her by the hand
If you stick to her
'Til you die(Instrumental)Possessed by beast... possessed
Possessed by drugs.
Stone heart in breast... divine
The crusher of life.

This is not dream
Reborn beast flow through vein
Victim start to scream
Beast takes life that she gain

Looking for last vein!

Drugs kills like sword
Drugs kills like gun
Fallen man left his world
Lost big war he begun

I curse all fucked dealers
Sellers of shit in my eyes are killers
Reckless kids takes for pleasure
More dealers they meet the rather

Two metres under the ground
There lies my friend
Gone for last bound
Took golden shoot and bent
Burn... Burn in fire
Burn... burn
Burn... Burn you bastard

God please tell me if there's someone who,
Who can stop her in time
Before the beast will find another victim,
Another weak man.

Beast is rising in power
Now she is chasing onto you
Drop the drugs don't be coward
Slay that dealer on your way

Beast takes over you
She controls you...(Instrumental)Bleeding through cataract eyes,
Loss of oxygen will take your life,
On your blood you will choke,
as my hands grasp your throat,
...And take your life...
On a thick chain: society binds,
One's sheepish nature, and gullibility,
Thus creates their monstrosity,
Living to serve, to die, and thus,
Promoting this emptiness,
Beneath this face, caring and pure,
Lies a hollow rotting core,
...Rotting core...
Inexplainable dietys,
Explained incoherently,
Lead to slaughter on a string,
Of viscera death shall bring,
I will lead you to your death,
I will steal your last breath,
The strings of life have come undone,
Susceptible suffocation
Raped and strangled verbally,
Reducing me of dignity,
Realease my will to kill,
And let my heart remain still,
Inexplainable dietys,
Explained incoherently,
Lead to slaughter on a string,
Of viscera death shall bring,
I will lead you to your death,
I will steal your last breath,
The strings of life have come undone,
Susceptible suffocation
Death has come unmercifully,
God has disreguared all of your pleas,
I see you hanging from the rope,
I have destroyed all of your hope,
Your lifeless body begins to sway,
A storm has come to end the day,
We both have disappointed God,
So I walked and finished the job,
The tears you've cried have now run blood,
As I throw you down in the mud,
Your body lies inside the coffin,
The knowledge of Death has now settled in,
Your lifelessness, it comforts me,
As I watch you as you still bleed,
I have rid the world of your birth,
And buried it inside the earth,
Inexplainable dietys,
Explained incoherently,
Lead to slaughter on a string,
Of viscera death shall bring,
I will lead you to your death,
I will steal your last breath,
The strings of life have come undone,
Susceptible suffocationmy being beckons thee to keep my mind sane, I must smoke weed to find an escape,
my bong is the gateway to my understandings, I follow the flame to keep the demons silenced

parallels of reality, within the green, THC, the cosmic release,
transcend

a paranoid creature now feel safe,
an addiction of herbs follows till the grave, an obsession with a plant, smoke weed till death

the weed that i have found smells like skunk shit so let's load a bowl, and smoke our brains into the abyss

parallels of reality, within the green, THC, the cosmic release,
transcend

the transformation of my mind begins, furthering the euphoria with another rip,
music blasting a coughing fit, now on my couch i will sit

i am so fucking thirsty, never to quinch,
dry bloodshot eyes, my eyes are burning red,
head surrounded in a cloud of paradise, stoned to the bone in paralysis

my being beckons thee to keep my mind sane, I must smoke weed to find my escape

trnscend, i must be higher, giving into my ultimate desireCoils all around
All come back
The beginning

They all come back to their beginning
In shapes of coils...By burial this night
Nitocrys weaves the spell
Down the vault's misty light
The lurking Sphinx dwells

Agony and nightmare
To Yog sothoth they noan
Nightfalls, morbid affair
Beard the faceless one

In the nuclear domain
Arcades lost in eternal skries
Written by the insane
Nitocrys orders must

Agony and nightmare
To Yog sothoth they noan
Nightfalls, morbid affair
Beard the faceless one

Mummy's rebirth by wrath
Below the temple of nile
Vanished in Osiris' path
Above us reigns the Necrophile

Agony and nightmare
To Yog sothoth they noan
Nightfalls, morbid affair
Beard the faceless oneDeath, the end of innocence
Above nameless graves rusting helmets lie
Slaughtered for glory and the greater good
By the bullet, axe or knife

The unborn child cut from the mother's womb
His brother smashed against the wall
(Father) Torn apart in the mine fields
(Mother) Put to shame before her death by hanging high

The essence of war is violence
A cruelly laughing face
The jester taunts the victims
Lower than the lowest of life

A body ripped apart
A corpse bruning in fire
Nuclear fallout from the sky

Chemical agents, the wind brings death
Destruction, mankinds only aim
Self inflicted wounds hurt most
Man exterminates man


The essence of war is violence
A cruelly laughing face
The jester taunts the victims
Lower than the lowest of life

A body ripped apart
A corpse bruning in fire
Nuclear fallout from the sky

War, humanity's last coffin nailEngulfing my body from all sides
It lifts me from the snow
Rising high
A sensation unknown
Traversing the ethereal
Aberration to home

To feel the stillness of death
The light for my quest

Ascend the spiritual realm
Passed beyond
The boundaries conceived unconsciously
Exploring dimensions beyond stars
The Supreme Knowledge can be seen

The peaks fade into the distance
Iridescence envelopes my essence

Traversing the ethereal current
Returned to life for my purpose
Consummating the majestic cosmic form
Posthumously, some of us are born(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Endless spiral of confusing feelings
Objectivity was lost in one of the last lunar tides
Finite vision, but eternal comedy

I close my eyes and it's you who must appear
Your outstreached hands announce me
that everything was nothing but a dream

I must observe everything like a pyramid
Concentric circles turn inexorably toward me

Goddess, you walk by my side
but you never smile at me
Does everything have to bleed around me?

Wolf of a new age

Delightful madness, fortune you must be just
Concentric cirlces that lead into an only safe vision
Wakefulness, show me the way to ungodliness
Path that i shall have to walk with a steady pace
Am i nothing? ...or am i may be everything?

Vane reciprocity, you are capable of smiling at me
hippocritically, but your threads are burning
Wolf of a new age
Can you hear me goddess?In the night we'll kill your crew, black is the color of my flag...
We're the pirates of the Northern Sea, we're drunk, we're loud...we're so loud!
When you see our sign, the signs of Morningstar.
You'd better run for your life or you'll die!Premonition, last decision
Bloody hell, sin to sell
Creature in black mask
Sold by Satan for its task
Heavy ax falls on the block
Crowd roars in a shock
Execution, execution...
Wearin' black, on death's track
Cryin' in fear, when hell's near
Cold's ya breath, fingers of death
Yer last fun, the crowd has funAll my life I've had the same dream
Every time it ends the same
No one ever there to wake me up
Why can't I find my saviour?

It has been far too long for me to fear my inner self
Need someone here to tell me it's a dream
Cos it's starting to get to me

Scream, I wake up screaming
Shaking, laughing, crying out loud
Dead, I feel like waking from the dead
With one foot still in the grave

Don't wanna fall asleep
Can't stand this endless trip
Need you to help me out
Plead you to make it quick

It has been far too long for me to fear my inner self
I fell out on this lonely road
And I can't find my way back

I was once a strong man
Teaching, telling, making heady
All for nothing damn it
Can you tell me how it blew up?

It has been far too long for me to fear my inner self
Things will never be the same again
I've been deprived of life

Don't wanna fall asleep
Can't stand this endless trip
Need you to help me out
Plead you to make it quickLavacri battesimali rigurgitano sangue
preghiere di morte innalzate dai farisei

Profezie di sventura gridate in empi salmi
accoliti immolati sulle are dell'idolatria

Infezione!

Crotali avviluppano il sacro vincastro
lingue forcute avvelenano il tempio della luce

La chiave di volta in pezzi si frantuma
la pietra d'angolo collassa polverizzata

Infezione!Saat Hidupku Terasa Sepi
Bukan Berarti Aku Telah Mati
Jadikan Saja Itu Mimpi
Harus Ku Lalui Tanpa Arti

Kegagalan Terus Ku Lawan
Dengan Segala Kemampuan
Akhir Cerita Aku Bahagia
Terlepas Semua Beban Derita

Hidupku Kini Penuh Arti
Hidupku Kini Penuh Cahaya
Semangatku Berapi Api
Dalam Nikmati Hidupku Ini

Pakai Pikiranku
Kini Ku Maju
Melangkah Pasti Kearah Depan
Tercapai Tujuan Semua Cita Citaku

Diakhir Asa Yang Sempurna
Semoga Abadi
Segala Asaku
Asa Yang Sempurna
Untuk Selamanya(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Breathing becomes tighter and the rapid pulse increases 
Tension's rigid edges slowly pierce my sinking eyes 
And what's most visible is the evil thoughts inside the casket 
That is my cranium where all the sins are active 
Living in a world, in which vile passions scream my only name 
Permeating ears, the sounds that don't escape attention 
What shall be the outcome of this 
Old perpetual battle inside this cemetery 
Sometimes called grey matter? 
Carnivores! 
The mind of man, inventing machinations to realize his ploy for self-reallization 
The time is now, for cleaning all the mess we've made 
The quest for independence at any cost 
Humanity has made a pact with the devil's toys 
Parading them around the gravesites like a stolen trophy 
In this burial ground sometimes called the brain 
Everything is fair game, even genocide 
The carnivore, it feeds upon the weak 
He dresses like an angel to tell his tale of crooked twisted stories 
Carnivores! 
Enter deception, blatant offense under power 
Burden upon the sheep, seeking to shear congregations 
Danger inside - Danger inside - Inside of me 
A sage arrives to speak to you in different verses 
What do you do? Depart from this iniquity 
All around us fleshly bodies, tear away our conscience 
A process of cauterization takes place within 
These entities are guilty of willing participation 
And of conspiracy against our sanctuary 
The carnivore, it feeds upon the dying 
His life is in the gutter in the fog - crooked twisted taleIn the 1569 eyes that I see through
The real intention comes alive
So hopelessly lost in hopes all of you
I wish you all could see what I see

This world is empty as empathy

With eyes like poisoned snakes
I burn at the core of redemption
Like sick animals I'll put you to sleep
And see that this world is nothing

Incineration as healing
A wound of ecstasy
The hand that caresses
By death I give life

To enjoy everything
enjoy nothing
To know everything
know nothing
To own everything
own nothing
To be everything
be nothing

I Am the Breath of God(Instrumental)Belearen hegaldiak sasoien aldaketa,

Argiaren heriotza eta garai ilunen etorrera dakarkigu

Hartzaren mendirako igoerak hausnarketa sakonerako garaia iragartzen du

Otsoaren uluak mihura atean eskegitzea aholkatu du

Berriro ikasten oinarrizkoa naturak irakatsia eta guk ahantzia(Instrumental)Seven Crystals gleam in the Dark Ground
And spread Light given by the Traveller's Torch
The Journeyman steps among the Brooks and Glades
Searching for Wisdom and Hope
He speaks to each of the Forest Crystals in turn
Without uttering a Sound
Manifesting his Will in Gestures
The Stone Walls and Rocks and the Branches themselves
Whisper and groan, sigh and wail
A Presence of Something, a Glittering in the Air
What lies there between the Circles of Wood?
Is it Death?
He raises his Arm and gives the Sign of Determination
The Planet of Marduk approaches a Conjunction
With the Moon of His Desires
Injecting His Veins with the Fear of Utter Misery
Of Contemplation, of reasonless Withdrawal
One can never find the Internal Mystery
By formal Quests of Knowledge
But only through the direct Experience and Attainment
Of Infinity and Unholy CommunionTake a walk in my mind, surely you will find... pain, Eternal emptiness, driving me insane. Dark forces of night, calling out my name, How much more I can take, I don't know, I don't know. Take me away, I can't take it anymore, Take me away, I can't stand another day. Empty eyes of death, staring into mine, Dead among the living, damned for all time. Silent screams for help, nobody hears, Eternal emptiness, I am in hell, I'm in hellTime stand still where their souls still roam
An everlasting lines they comes
Evil rulers, deathlike machine
Fueled be bodies, consumed in hell
Shy is hidden in black smoke
Road to hell lies iron clad
Survive the trail of fear
Just to die in the flames

Scent of terror buried in the soil
The walls is filled with screams
A sea of tears have moistened the plains
Upon the skulls and bones
A mist of souls stares in pain
Where a million heartbeats ceased
Your ashes painted this ground black
Stench of burning flesh

We are here to see
End of humanity
Just as no-one knows
Whose are friends or foes

We are witness to something that everyone tried to hide
They ruled the darkest days with terrror to survive
Feeding the machine with an endless genocide
The last train passengers they all arrived at six

Couldn't hear a sound 
From those underground
But I sense the fear
Buried deep inside

They all were gone by the morning sun
But no-one never should be left unfound

We are witness to something that everyone tried to hide
They ruled the darkest days with terror to survive
Feeding the machine with an endless genocide
The last train passengers they all arrived at six

Couldn't hear a sound
From those underground
But I sense the fear
Buried deep inside(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Forlorn I lay at the edge of August.
 Swallowing the salted wine.
 Oceans build within my seething lids,
 only to slip from the pale 'neath the eyes of mine.
 Without a breath I'm cast 
 to realms unbeknownst to me.
 And whence again from that day forth,
 I shed my elegance to thee.

 And under mighty walls I hide,
 and all the dreams that I had that died
 are washed out with the tide.

 From behind to recite the future,
 floating by on that one last day.
 A fool became from my inherant knowledge,
 to be sent into the Winters frothed grey.
 This was the lair of the wholesome Angel,
 the home of which I was so fond.
 She is the Hostess of my tragedies
 with her Oceanic eyes and her hair of golden Blonde.

 And in the ocean of time i quiver,
 and as the serpent wrapped around my neck she slither,
 for all I know is bitter.

 Whence I flew over mouring dew in awe to reach the sky.
 Alone she stood inside the woods, anticipating that clouds would cry.
 In upward glance, her seeming trance, he presence so Divine.
 That strangely odd manifestation of God, never see through the eyes of mine.
 But soon to twist, destiny's fist, and soon come swinging down.
 Like dullened arrows and aimless sparrows the eternity for which I'm bound.
 So take my tears in which to swim, that forlorn spirit whines.
 And lay beside my tattered whims in hopes fruitful times.

 May we be united at the land where we can be Kings and Queens!

 Forlorn I stand at the end of August,
 gazing seaward into the fall.
 I can feel the wind get colder,
 and I can hear the voice of Destiny call.
 I taste the last of the tears,
 thinking back of her upward glance.
 This was to be the last of the ones
 and in the oceans of red and melancholy I dance!

 And on this plateau I am king!
 And on these icy shore of wisdom I sing,
 no more to heal my broken wings.music & lyrics: Nattdal

In nothingness everything is to be found

In everything no good is to come across

Except small pieces to use for finding
Something outrageus inside of me,
to awaken

Each day, I am dragged deeper down
I was born with an ambition to explore

Investigate the most horrific feelings of life
To in the aftermath be left with no emotions at all

The outcome of this, for what I belive
It will one day be worth it all

I was placed here for a splendid reason
I have always spread a disease
A diseased method of punishment(Dedicated to Jeff Hanneman (January 31st, 1964 - May 2nd, 2013))

Burning churches down to ashes.
Showing no mercy, tonight.
Igniting the night with flames of wrath.
Fire is my guiding light.

Until there's no cross left unturned.
This is the time to make them burn.

Inverting the cross, the hoax of christ.
Evil has no boundaries.
I yearn to burn, to kill the lies.
Destroying them, piece by piece.

For now there's no cross left to turn.
I am the one who makes them burn.
This is the path of no return.
Time to burn!

Until there's no cross left unturned.
This is the time to make them burn.

Until there's no cross left unturned.
This is the time to make them burn.

Catacombs filled with blood, boiling the holy from within.
I am the resurrected, born of fire and sin.

For now there's no cross left to turn.
I am the one who makes them burn.
This is the path of no return.
Time to burn!

Burning and killing and slaying.
Ripping and tearing and screaming.
Stabbing and slashing and thrashing.
Beheading and hunting, then hell.
Igniting and laughing and watching.
Maiming and chopping and bleeding.
Destroying and crushing, them dying.

Until there's no cross left unturned.Destroy Our Future
The Mass Hysteria
Falling Your Demise
The Mass Hysteria
Be Under The Delusion That
Personal Riches Is The Target - Nice
Believing False Prophets
Thisting For More Ignorance

Producing Sheer Envy
In Excess
Stupidity
The Price We Pay
Living In Unrest

Destroy Our Future
Falling Your Demise
Stupidity The Price We Pay
Living In UnrestWake up shit shower shave it's a new day
Fighting a war on the feeling inside
Crawl outta bed with a sigh it's a new day
A hole in my soul screams out hunger and pain
Forcefeed feeble minded fools my agenda
Follow me swallow me never spit out
Ravenous rants calls for a straight jacket logic
Gotta be so much more

Then I run to your home waiting for the door to open
I am aimlessly floating around
I am so much weaker than I would ever admit
I am lost til I awake from this life

I'm the storm before the calm
Can you help me out
I'm the storm before the calm
Can you help me out
Cuz I am lost

Keep face don't look down on your feet
Walk tall and proud do not cry you're a man
That's what I've been told all my life
Questions abound poor excuse for a man
Rinse the nervefibre tapping the vein
Shut out the thoughts, hesitations and fear
Crust of hate hard as stone can't penetrate
Gotta be so much more

New day starts
I am afraid
Lost within and lost withoutWhen the Christians
When the fucking Christians
Coming filth my land
We are fighting
In the dusk we hunting 
We are rising under pagan moon our swords
I see blood
I see war
With the Pan we cut their throat 
I see fear 
I see flesh
When Apollon hold their heads
They are afraid 
They are cold
When the Aris marching on
In the woods
In the fields
We protect our pagan land
Zeus destroy them with a storm
Hephaestus is make our sword
This is our great pagan land
We denied the jewish lamp
We will fight for mother land
We denied the jewish lamp
Standing up through ashes
We are walking
This is time for our attack
We will fight jehovah's prayers
King Zeus
Steel and fire dust and raining falling
Rising swords in Paganland
Under sky we wear our glory armor
King zeusI shan't forget the moment 
That changed my life forever more
The day I found her lying 
Aqueous upon the shore

Hair of bright vermilion
Skin of pallid white
Ensanguined holes within her face
No eyes to grant her sight

[Chorus]

A child
Ocean born
A daughter
of the sea
Now of
her home forlorn
Abhors the Earth beneath her feet

A decade's past And still I 
See her in my dreams so haunting
Her tortured cries of pain fill my ears 
As if in taunting
The Terraphobic
Abhorrent accident of creation
Cast from the Sea
In agony without cessation

I thought her dead until
Her body shook with mortal fear
A ragged breath was drawn
Her face was stained with blood and tears

As I stood gazing
At this huddled mass upon the sand 
I cried in terror for
She'd been struck visionless by her own hand

[Chorus]

A child
Ocean born
A daughter
of the sea
Now of
her home forlorn
Abhors the Earth beneath her feet

A decade's past And still I 
See her in my dreams so haunting
Her tortured cries of pain fill my ears 
As if in taunting.
The Terraphobic
Abhorrent accident of creation
Cast from the Sea
In agony without cessation

Locked in this tenebrous cell
Her home in lieu of the ocean 
A face so blank and cold
A hollow voice with no emotion

We called
her mad for she 
Despised the world that we so cherish
Yet for no more than spite
The denizens of land shall assign themselves to perish

A decade's past And still I 
See her in my dreams so haunting
Her tortured cries of pain fill my ears 
As if in taunting
The Terraphobic
Abhorrent accident of creation
Cast from the Sea
In agony without cessation

A decade's past And still I 
See her in my dreams so haunting
Her tortured cries of pain fill my ears 
As if in taunting
The Terraphobic
Abhorrent accident of creation
Cast from the Sea
In agony without cessationMentally I'm dying in my mind
Honestly I have no hope
Everyone seem so satisfied
Well I'm dying inside

Give it away
My brain is for sale
Give it away
My brain is for sale

It's a neverending pain inside
In my life there is no light
Family and friend I'll say good bye
Well I'm dying tonight

Give it away
My brain is for sale
Give it away
My brain is for saleBaby you know I ain't lettin' you go 
So whatever you say I'm gonna make you stay 
Baby is it true, did you find someone new 
I couldn't take it anymore if you'd walk out that door 

Well I ain't got nothing to say to you 
And I don't know what I should do 
But our love keeps slippin' away 
I'm a-losin' you 
Well I ain't got nothing to give to you 
And I taught you all that I knew 
But our love keeps slippin' away 
I'm a-losin' you 

Baby it's hard I'm falling apart 
Don't you leave me behind I'm a-losin' my mind 

Well I ain't got nothing to say to you 
And I don't know what I should do 
But our love keeps slippin' away 
I'm a-losin' you 
Well I ain't got nothing to give to you 
And I taught you all that I knew 
But our love keeps slippin' away 
I'm a-losin' you 

I'd give all that I own, just to get you alone 
Just a moment with you, if that could be true 
But you push me away, you wanna call it a day 
And that feeling inside, I could never hide 

Well I ain't got nothing to say to you 
And I don't know what I should do 
But our love keeps slippin' away 
I'm a-losin' you 
Well I ain't got nothing to give to you 
And I taught you all that I knew 
But our love keeps slippin' away 
I'm a-losin' youIl precipitare d'argento causa fragore

Il riflesso d'un ramo fra le increspature
Ed un vento sferzante
Il manto erboso scosso
Cosi come una criniera

Si scatena un frastuono, un ponte s'instaura
Tra terra e cielo
Turbini cingono un bosco
Spogliandone gli abitanti

Un altro grande bagliore
Svela le creature
Che in esso cercan rifugio
Per sfuggire all'ira del cielo.A pearly white sky surround me
my heart is freezing from inside,
I'm floating motionless in the void
where darkness had become cold light.

Obscure eyes on fire are pointed at me
observing every single wave in my head.

I'm falling in the absolute whiteout
where darkness had become dazzling light,
my self image dips in the shining void
where my consciousness is drowning.

Surrounded by dark burning stars
my massless body is scattered in time.
My figure is shaded by gloomy suns,
deformed by their unknown fields.

Dazed in eternal blank
of this inverted reality,
wishing to find the eternal peace
I melt into black light tears.Ruling with might
Power through blood,
Your flesh is mine
Prevailing the night
Nocturnal domain,
An endless reign

Divine,
The flame of the righteous is alive
Sin,
Just engraved in my mind

As  chaos dies
Ending the tale
Of the good and brave
Silent cries
The ones who failed
Are now enslaved

Divine,
The flame of the righteous is alive
Sin,
Just engraved in my mind

Mysteries
My art is black,
Yet its fuel is red
Cold, but intense
As I speak the words,
Untimely end
Kissing your soul
Blackened rose,
Again so cold
Moonblood flows
Distorted views,
My eyes are black

Hymn of the forsaken
Untold by religion
Hymn of the forsaken
Obscure and forbidden(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Bleed Bleed Bleed like a whore
Kneel on your knees, suffer more and more
Blood Blood Blood for salvation

Dead by now, creatures of hate universe
All shall die, an existence nonsense

Praise the sins and the intense feelings
Burning down all the morals and beliefs
Made of bones these secret tombs
The place where we break cosmic chains

Dead by now, creatures of hate universe
All shall die, an existence nonsense

Hate...1998 Anno Domini
(music and lyrics by Nathuruss)

The old legend says that Pentagram shall win,
Faultless gold shall corrode, the gold with Christ within,
I will be the world's ruling Goat, Christ's children will be damned,
With virgin I'll incarnate we'll conquer the holy land

1998 rise of the fettered faith,
1998 Satan no longer waits...

Abaddon's abyss' opening in the empire where Tiamat reigns,
Mankind is not as one, falsity of Jahve rains,
Time of triumph comes, Nemesis awakes in me, 
For enslaving me in my crypt my true face now is seen.Intro:
Sometimes at night I look up to the sky
a million stars fills the dark
Sometimes at night I look into the sky
I wish I'd be there!

Verse 1:
Sometimes at night when I'm closin' my eyes
some strange event passes by
Lightning's are crossing the sky
Is this a dream or reality?

Verse 2:
When do we learn to forgive our faults?
When do we start to live again?
Open your eyes and you will see
that we can't turn our heads all the time!

Refrain:
Lights in the night are gonna fade away
Mankind sleep alone
Nobody has ever seen this before
We rise in the same time we fall

Verse 3:
Yesterdays people meet tomorrow's dreams
downtown when they are on "speed"
Future is risin' over the hills
We're not alone in this universe!

Refrain:
Lights in the night are gonna fade away
Mankind sleep alone
Nobody has ever seen this before
We rise in the same time we fallI've crossed the waters,
I saw the fishes, saw the dead;
Here in the mountain I am the winds...
...So I am... Winds of a new dawn!

I saw the mad, saw a mirror;
I was in Rome, I've passed by the Nilo;
Here in pyramid I am the winds...
...So I am... winds of a new dawn!

In dust I've turned on Amazonia;
Brother wind blews my essence;
I am the winds in the twilight
And the voice from Mercurio

I am the winds...Too drunk to be silent, can't stay on his feet
With a horrible language he crawls down the street
A pleasant condition, can't hold down the food
Fistful of vomits, he's now in the mood

When he starts tumbling and drops to the floor
It's the sign he awaits, he's got to drink more
Insulting the shorthaired, his arm starts to twist
Their nose bones receives the speed of the fist

He's dirty...he's alone...he's metal to the bone

HARDROCKER

The most incedent back at school, he always skipped the class
Told his teacher to fuck off and stick it up her ass
He'll never fit into the crowd, he'll never lose his pride
He won't allow no shorthaired heads, he would rather die

Shortcut hair in sight, no words are needed to start the fight
All discondance must end in broken bones
Enough to get him pissed, count the teeth you soon shall miss
Footprints in your swollen face shows the way it must be done

Criminaly tough and hard, headbanging where we lie
Whiplash-damage, aching neck, still banging till we die
We'll stand together to the end, ain't ever wimping out
We live and die the metal way, loud is all that counts

HARDROCKERSTHE NIGHT COVERS UP THE LIGHT
DOES ANYONE KNOW THE ANSWER
WHERE'S THE CURE FOR THE TROUBLES?

THE DREAM COVERS THE FEAR
THE ASHES IN YOUR HANDS
RISED TO DUST

TWO SOULS WON'T MEET THERE
PAIN LOVES SOLITUDE
WHERE THE ROADS MEET
EARTH DOESN'T TURN ANYMORE

THE CLOUD WILL GIVE WATER
TO WATER FLOWERS
SO, RISE YOU TOO

THE SKY WILL TAKE ME
FROM THE BUSTLE OF DAY
GIVE ME SOME FIRE, YOU TOO(Instrumental)The idealism of a good cannot be Enslaved in jails of religions
created by men Trying to defeat fear Mankind can't close its mind
and punish itself Before defeating it's existence Truth is not in the
prayers you have learned by heart while your thoughts ramble in
sin You cannot be just when you judge or everyone who don't
believe in your faith Dividing the world with fucking religions
With prayers and lies With that stupid holy and divnine pose You
use to convince whoever you speak to Theres a world of disaster
Inequality and sickness
Of war and cries Of despair and fear A world of matter
Contaminated and infected A black planet submerged in money
Morality of gobernments that have destroyed And confused a
silent and cheated mankind Morality of priests, MORBID
AND MACABRE rapist who deceived their churches

The truth of your lies words of sinners
The truth of your lies of war and cries
The truth of your lies despair and fear
The truth of your lies a world of matterPlague and death
are for a warrior an honor
Living like a pagan spirit 
In the night, a haze, a mist

When the sea and the birds silence
It is time to eat

Thus,The flames running through the floor
In the silence of the night
the troops crushing

The spirits sing the fierce symphony 
With winds on the face 
And the flares of splendorous blades
light the eyes of my enemy

Thus
The empire kills the poor 
Merciless

Soldiers were found Dead
without flesh
Black burned bones
putrified ashes

The Captain again Sees 
death 
on the way

To war, but What war?
tough men!

Climbing mountains, enchants me
Ornamental universe

Conquered natures

Conquered mountains

River, land, dominatedpossessed - warery - justifiable measn - slaughter - bedlam - harbinger of death
messiah versus warbeast start the hellcommander reign
bullets are flying endless science to extreme
hq - chain of command - agency of fire - mercy - abandoned - wanton lust of death
revenge unchained - land of burning frost - quenching - our thirst - letting of all blood

free world - massgraves - execution unbound
hangman - riflebeast - chains of tormentor
bombers blying overhead - payload the final call - destructed shelters by the airraid

berserk - fire at will - massive combustion
earthquake - deathfuck - smouldering to the core
atomic overload - senseless theories - melting - your flesh - choking on disease

pulling strings the puppet master laughing in the bloodred sky
skeletons more bones than flesh still carry out the orders
welcome to an endless war consuming death is all around
tolling of the devil's bell beatened by explosive rounds

satanic overture a background for the choir of the damned
weeping of the few last womend children are already dead
innocence forever lost and raped by mankind's testament
survival of the strongest - most already buried wellSpirit embraces
Ancient lands
Walk the Path
Of Kings and Queen of old
Visions come to me
I fall
Priestess on your knees
My life for
Forgiven I sleep
With no remorse
Death
On the mountain
Built by mortal hands
Earth calls forth
To pray
Sacrifice life and soul
To the Tor
Spirit embraces
Ancient lands
Walk the Path
Of Kings and Queen of old
Visions come to me
I fall
Priestess on your knees
My life for
Forgiven I sleep
With no remorseI heard a leaves whisper 
In the cold autumn fores 
When we were standing near 
The bonfire and we were 

Crossing our swords 
Over its flame 
I heard a peals of thunder 
In the evening twilights 
I saw a dying sun 
Changing by Silver moonlight... 
(repeat) 

For Dying! 
For Crying! 
For Native Land! 
For Profaned Fate! 

Damned cross like a black shadow 
Has came to my Land 
Everybody under this shadow either starts to lie or die... 
But better die standing with proudly holding up head 
Than live kneeling with the mask of hypocrisy... 

I heard peals of thunder 
In the evening twilightsZ 
I saw a dying sun 
Changing by the silver moonlight 
Wind brought to my earing 
Wolf's wailing, lone and yearning 

It was early in the morning 
When I was sitting by the purling stream 
And I was thinking...of my nation 
Suddenly I heard the summon 
"Time, Brothers! It's our time!" 
We were straddling our horses 
And we were to take 
Our swears into Reality....Computer rules  
We are slaves
Atomic world  
Violence reigns
The rats eat the children, the children eat the rats
The human race is at an end

Trouble!  Don't fall in doubt we got something new
Trouble!  They came from above with super-powers

Snikt!  in the night
You know what I mean
Use your feet
Because wolverine is on the way

What is that in the air
Can it be a plane?  Nooo!
Can it be a bird?   Nooo!
Oh, I see!

I can feel the breeze storm is coming down
With her mega body and her big tits
The reavers treat the world, there's no way out
Blaze of colour make them blind
Jubilee has done it right

Wolfsbane, Jean Grey, Nick Fury, Boom boom
Cannonball, sunspot, iceman, beast
All you evil watch your steps
Or you gonna burn in hell(Instrumental)(Instrumental)As the fog clears we hit the land. 
Shields and swords in callused hands. 
Storm the village, burnt to the ground. 
A city of life now a burial mound. 

Chorus: 
Trans Atlantic boat men. 
Seafaring fighting hoard. 
Guided by the blade and axe, 
To the shores of this new world. 
Tired, cold and hungry. 
Hope and wills that just won&#8217;t bend. 
They found themselves in a new land. 
Far beyond the horizon&#8217;s end. 

We claim this land as our own. 
This mighty mission we will fulfill. 
Iron verses wood and stone. 
These savages lined up for the kill. 

Chorus: 
Trans Atlantic boat men. 
Seafaring fighting hoard. 
Guided by the blade and axe, 
To the shores of this new world. 
Tired, cold and hungry. 
Hope and wills that just won&#8217;t bend. 
They found themselves in a new land. 
Far beyond the horizon&#8217;s end. 

(Solo - Martin) 

Chorus: 
Trans Atlantic boat men. 
Seafaring fighting hoard. 
Guided by the blade and axe, 
To the shores of this new world. 
Tired, cold and hungry. 
Hope and wills that just won&#8217;t bend. 
They found themselves in a new land. 
Far beyond the horizon&#8217;s end. 

(Solo - Martin) 

(Solo - Adams)You've heard of the beast and the things he has done
Like the number, the strike and command
But no metalhead is prepared for the onslaught
Of violent shit he has planned

He's got machine guns and hatchets and swords
And some missiles and foods with trans-fats
He will unleash mass destruction, you're dead
You just got smashed... by the

Attack of the Wrath of the
War of the Death of the
Strike of the Sword of the
Blood... of the Beast

The beast in the past has done horrible stuff
And his victims were left quite displeased
No one knows what he's so angry about
Maybe once in third grade he was teased

He's got chainsaws and bombs and an axe
And some unfiltered cigarettes too
He will unleash mass destruction, you're dead
You just got trashed... it's the

Attack of the Wrath of the
War of the Death of the
Strike of the Sword of the
Blood... of the Beast

Attack
He smashes your face with a hoof
Wrath
He's angry as hell
War
In a fistfight with all of the world
Death
Mass death on a global scale
Strike
Is sudden and swift and hard
Sword
Buried deep in your chest
Blood
It pours from a dozen wounds
Beast
Character for the metal obsessed

The beast will destroy everything in his path
With this song on the upcoming brawl
It sure is a long one and tough to pronounce but
It's the most metal title of all

He's got brass knuckles and ninja stars
Meat cleavers and Paul Reiser tapes
He will unleash mass destruction, you're dead
You just got thrashed... by the

Attack of the Wrath of the
War of the Death of the
Strike of the Sword of the
Blood... of the BeastEvil doings come home to roost
That phrase is never forgotten
By the proud house whose honoured line
Is older than the chateau's stones

Within its walls and amongst the dark and shadowy forests
A vengeful curse has shown its teeth
For more than six centuries in time
The son had wrath in blood

Michel Mauvais, on l'avait tue
Son esprit etait detruit
Et quand les fils du meurtrier auront l'age
La mort s'annoncera toute suiteI've been searching for something good in mankind,
Seek for wisdom in dim lantern light,
But all I see is misery.
While we feed our inborn greed;

Reek of rotting rye
Greed of rotting kind
Bless and break and part the bread
Give me what I need
Reek of rotting rye
Freed from human kind
Invest in the stock of greed
Give me my d je croisaily bread

From two small fish and five loaves of bread,
We could feed and treat a great group of men.
Poverty and misery
While we feast upon our greed;

Reek of rotting rye
Greed of rotting kind
Bless and break and part the bread
Give me what I need
Reek of rotting rye
Freed from human kind
Invest in the stock of greed
Give me my daily bread

Take the flesh of mind, for it is the bread of life.
A new covenant - do this in remembrance of me.
Take the blood of mind, for it is the wine of life.
A new covenant - do this in remembrance of me.

Reek of rotting rye
Greed of rotting kind
Bless and break and part the bread
Give me what I need
Reek of rotting rye
Freed from human kind
Invest in the stock of greed
Give me my daily breadOpen the gates
Sound the ethereal trumpets again
Step aside you white winged marionettes

The black mirror - have a look at us
Legion am i - so many are we

I appreciate the hellfire that burnt my feathered wings
I am grateful for the glowing chains that bound me for so long
Welcome is every scar that marked my previous shame (repeat)

Brighter than sun
Enthroned with a lava crown i return in triumph
I am the halo...but of bloodsoaked thorns
I am the eclipse and the stars follow my will

The black mirror - have a look at us
Legion am i - So many are we

An army of a thousand shadows
Sinners in your eyes - Unhallowed saints in my mind
Heavenward we march as a flood of screaming sin

The black mirror
Legion am i
Look what i have created
Incarnated abscence of your false morality

I am the halo, but of bloodsoaked thorns
I am the eclipse and the stars follow my will
I am legion, so many are we
I am your black mirror, Turn your blind eye to see

My will became flesh
We are the black mirror of your weak creation
Myriad eyes once looked up at you
Now we see them avert their gaze from youLights. Camera. Action
A superstar with a fatal attraction
Bare flesh with makeup to hide the scars
You look so glamorous begging from your knees
Doing everything it takes for a life of luxury
(To lose integrity)

X-rated and jaded, your purity is penetrated
You've sold your soul
Congratulations, you've made it
Derailed, for sale, the back of your throat impaled
You love to be on top, but you've failed

Welcome to Hollywood
Where all your dreams come true
Abandon everything
This is the price of fame

Gag on this, it'll take you to the top

Lyrics by Carlos GarciaFlee
Spitted upon
Burnt nerve-sensors
Bending up the floating
Heavy cloths of strangled brains
The destroyer reviving the agony of giving birth
brought forth by clinging morality
Tearing down a sphere of substantial thoughts
without discomfort
A sign without a name, invisible
purified in blood
lacking density
Steer my way
united we walk in voluntary, mutual dictatorship
Drift towards borders
created to hold down the unstable
the obvious, hard-grasped
To walk towards eternal awakening
Breach of thought
fragments and dissolves
but holds firmly
grasps you
and falls through your broken structure
The blindness of the senses overthrows its apathyMistress of beauty come dance with me, Let your soul into my obscurity, Walk with me through the fields of fire, I will fulfit your utter desire, Feel the passion, enjoy the thill, Release the fear, follow your will, Come to me and confide your trust, Join me in this dance og mortal lust, A veil og darkness cloth the mountains, The sun demises in red reflections, I look at you with lustful intension, As my heart pounds with beastly affections, The chill of night don't make us cold, We embrace each other so intense, We walk through nocturnal landscape, And inhale this diabolic ambience, This world belong to us, This is our paradise, This world belong to us, This is where weakness demise, All the fantasies of my wicked mind, All the secrets locked up inside, Will find their way and bloom at night, When you come with me to my forbidden site, Come take my had and walk with me, Let me show you our infinity, Where lust burns and the beast awakes, Let me guide you to my diabolical self, This world belong to us, This lustful disguise, This world belong to us, This is where evil arise, How does it feel to lose control? How does it feel as I steel your soul? How does it feel as I make you undress? How does it feel as I ravage your flesh? An empty expression as your face turns blue, Your beauty has paled now that I am through with you, Your screams are silent, your prayers won't be heard, The circle is complete as you become dirt.(Monologue): 
 "Welcome Prospects. Thus begins your first year at Argoda Temple. You have worked to get this far, only to face greater dangers. The Ichorite's Plague is spreading across the nation, to save us all you must study their nature, and leave any and every attachment behind. Here you will learn the skills to protect yourself and your peers, dedicate your life to our teachings. You must destroy the shell and contain this merciless energy within so no more souls lay waste, to this possessive force. 
 But know this, if you fail, you will die." 

 The bright faces of today will be ashes by the morn' 
 Of those I meet, who will return? 
 Will it always be goodbye? 

 Honour! Resilience! 
 Pillars of this Temple 
 Do you stand with us? 

 In this land our task means justice for the fallen. 

 See them claw, scars in their skin 
 See them gasping, air they can't breathe in 
 See them clay, scars in their skin 
 See them gasping, air they can't breathe in 

 Honour! Resilience! 
 Pillars of this Temple 
 Do you stand with us? 

 (Monologue): 
 "The time has come for you to show us your strength, and undying devotion to this Temple. Now go, and kill the Ichorite's before you. This will show your worth. 

 In this land our task means justice for the fallen. 
 In this land our task means justice for the fallen.(Instrumental)Liar
Fake
Murder
Chaser
Bastard
Killer
Lizard
Digger

Inexistence
material thought
imposition

forced to believe
handled to live
feeding your greed

butterfly
burned to death
meaningless

as you create
others destroy
deep in fire

drowning under this sick
breathing death intoxication
fade away

remains of a broken faith
hermits of lifeBreak out into life on your way
Can you feel resistance building up day to day?
In your face, phase one of the game
Can you feel your life become a living hell in every way?
Fire that burns in the eye
Makes you cry out in vain with arms stretched to the sky
But the gods just laugh at your pleas
And they make you master of your own destiny
There's no one to blame
Shatter your lies
Legacy of fate

Straight out into life dismay
Can you feel the time ticking down to judgement day?
Crack a smile, 'cos you know anyway
That your sins will catch up to you soon
You'll never see, that you reap why you sew

What comes around goes around
Feel the weight of the world
As you strive to survive in this life called Necrothon

Feel your way
The blood on your hands you pray will take you far away
You'll never understand the morbid games you play
The victims of your sick and twisted mind
Will haunt your every waking hour

Your sins behind you now
Try to forget the past
Justice a step behind
There's nothing left to lose or gain
Depraved and tortured soul
You crave the killing spree, with hands that ache to maim
The Necrothon will set you freeOLD GODS HAVE TOLD US

Together we stand.
With a united lance.
Against enemies, defence!
For the freedom, we have the chance.

Old gods have told us.
Of the glory in time.
Ancestors bring us hope.
Defend, you been told!

Chorus: Working for freedom.
        Glorious time.
        We all will be heroes.
        This is time.

For our ancestors, for the hope.
Ancient past, we fight back!

Together we stand.
With a united lance.
Against enemies, defence!
For the freedom, we have the chance.

Old gods have told us.
Of the glory in time.
Ancestors bring us hope.
Defend, you been told!

Chorus: Working for freedom.
        Glorious time.
        We all will be heroes.
        This is time.I'm Not God, You are god
I'm Not God, You are god
Real god is dead, with lost memories
Satanic crimes, hell hasn't been there
Evil spells satanic magic's(Instrumental)(Instrumental)The moon arise majestic
n the dark sky of Blackland.
Its powerful gleam guides the legion
through the forgotten paths
of the mystic forest.

The trumpets sound glorious
in their magic invocation.
The compact lines of warriors
march united in a sole force,
attending the call of the tyrant
emperor.

The somber horde gathers
around the dark throne
and to the great commandants voice,
thousands of swords are lifted.
Their shine enlightens the ancient
night.

The shields are hit
like drums of war,
the flags are waving free.
Among the darkness,
a thunderous scream breaks the calm.

Victory, crushing victory!!!Follow Me

Look who's rocking the heavens tonight
I'm a sinners worst nightmare
See you in the shadows tonight
Yes, i've come to warn you
Four horsemen ridin' on the wind
They won't stop until they win

Screamin' out with a vengeance
We've come for you in the last days
We'll take just what we need
To fulfill the prophecy
Four horsemen screamin' in the night
Hell fire burns across the sky

Follow me, follow me
Follow me, follow me

I will promise you anything
Just to have you come with me
I'll let you think that you have faith
Then i'll take it all away
Four horsemen showin' you the lies
That have deceived you all your life

Follow me, follow me
Follow me, yes!
Follow me

Just surrender your to me
Don't have time for no sympathy
Found guilty of your transgressions
Hell is your destination
Four horsemen takin' you away
To your final judgement day

Follow me, follow me
Follow me, follow meUrner skrek fra himmelfjell
Nattm'rk laa garden
Da ulvers og ravners likkonge ble f'dt
Dagen er kommet
'yet kvesses (kriger ulvens venn)
Kledd I brynje od smykket blod'rn
Sveipet inn sitt ravnesaar
(I) sn'fjell solfjell ringstad haatun himmelvanger
H'vdinger s'kte til sverdstevnets kamp ved logefjell
Lysskjaer lynglimt flakket
Valkyrier red over himmelvanger
Vaapen. Klang straalebunter stod fra spyd
Stenket av blod var brynjer
Saa sant jeg lever skall sverd klinga
Herskeren sendte sendemenn ut over land og sj'
For aa samle et mannskap
Rikelig nok av det r'de gull
B'd de haermenn og haermenns s'nner
Stolt gled de ut gjennom orvasund
Alle de haerskip med lange hoder
Aarer knaket jern braket
Det runget 1 skjold som berg brotnet I brenningens slag
Gjennom doggvaate daler og d'kke lier
Red krigere paa svipud og sveggljud til solheimar
Skoddemoen skalv
Naa er de harme nivlungene
Det raste en storm av staal I m'rkskogen
Da fiender m'ttes ved frekastein
Fremst I flokken der folk kjempet
Uredd han var
Vill av stridslyst
Beinhardt var hjertet I det tunge bryst
Hardt raar eder I ringstad naa
Saa sant jeg lever skall sverd klinge
Hill Nordveg(Instrumental)The light caressed our features 
 and blessed by benevolent creatures 
 we fantasised gold in the distance 
 and on we rode. 

 Soon truth would creep up behind us 
 and forge all these sackles that bind us 
 for such is the way of existence 
 most of the times. 

 Trust in me 
 there are cities of gold, you'll see 
 I wish I could say there was some other way 
 but these lies are all I have left. 

 And did you know, 
 there are oceans of light where we go? 
 I wish I could say there was some other way 
 but these lies now are all that I am. 

 My empty words compel you 
 the lies I've been meaning to tell you, 
 we watched them come true together 
 one by one. 
 Once I'd thrive inside you 
 the seas that I crossed just to find you 
 we watched time transform them to deserts, 
 mile after mile. 

 Our hungry eyes will devour 
 the lies of this desperate hour 
 but bring me truth, bring me honour 
 and watch me dissolve. 

 So let the light be your banner 
 and hold up your head in a manner 
 that lets the rain wash you clean of 
 my misdeeds. 

 My empty words compel you 
 the lies I've been meaning to tell you, 
 we watched them come true together 
 one by one. 
 Once I'd thrive inside you 
 the seas that I crossed just to find you 
 we watched time transform them to deserts, 
 mile after mile.(Instrumental)As the Imperial Eagle overshadows Judea.
Ancient prophecies live again.
Of the One leading the Zealot cause.
Is He a mage, a king or perhaps a fraud?

The royal blood of David in his veins.
Born to bring forth the Messianic Age.
The anointed One: Christos, Mashiah.
Hailed by the Sicarii, the dagger-men!

But the Nazarene is not Him.
The magician is but a betrayer.
To grant Caesar what is his?
Demise shall be his only share!

All the hope is shattered.
Could the prophecy be wrong?
Has Yahweh truly forsaken us?
Or is he testing our faith?

"Step away from the others
and I shall tell you.
The mysteries of the Kingdom.
It is possible for you to reach it,
But you will grieve a great deal.
For someone else will replace you,
In order that the twelve may again
come to completion with their God.

You will become the thirteenth,
and you will be cursed by the other generations.
And you will come to rule over them.

In the last days they will curse your ascent to the holy generation.
Already your horn has been raised, your wrath has been kindled,
your star has shown brightly and your heart has [rejected me]."

Let the wolves devour each other.
Let the Romans have their betrayer.
For a mere thirty silver coins.
We can open the way for a new Messiah.

The voice of moderation
will die on the cross.
Away with pacifism,
away with cowardice!

"Don't imagine that I came
to bring peace on earth.
I did not come to bring peace.

"Don't imagine that I came
to bring peace on earth.
I did not come to bring peace
But a sword!"Ever since I can remember, 
I was haunted by the voices inside 
telling me that I 
was born a letdown, raised as a fuckup, an ever growing disgrace, 
shaping my perception, burning all illusions of relief. 
Just pass me the sickness, my cross to bear 
I won't neglect it, I'll hold it up high 
for the world to see and despise 
while i keep drowning 
in my despair. 

My feelings keep flashing their teeth, but they hide their knives. 
Still they keep stabbing me right in the back 
day after day. 

Drag my pale and withered body 
Drag it to the waterfront (in my head) 
Let me sink. 
Fill my holey lungs with guilt like water 
let me drown ashore. 
Release me from this suffering 
Make it end. 
I tremble, I shatter, 
I'm longing for this one day to come to 
finally shut the noise (in my head) 
Drag my pale and withered body 
Drag it to the waterfront (in my head) 
Release me from this suffering 
Make it end. 
Just let me float. 
just let me sink.Fruit of a consumed paralysis & Amok monkey who's brandishing a knife,
pretends to kill to be absolut burned in the open /
A soul thief, a determined subtleties - eater.

A dispossessed human machine suffering from withdrawal symptoms built in the most perfect opposition with the surrounding swamp /
To flee .

The glaciation ...
A vertigo to forget a little where we have fallen-
A violent display of himself -
This dream of a hand that can stop and any minute now a dream as we hope for it:
simple but full of subdivisions /
To know ...& yet nothing else is possible except what we have to think ...
I wish the one would come ,
the one who will find the world that can't brush against any lips ...
Any minutes now, I will fall in an indissoluble doubt ...
Everything will be beyond me / To flee ?

From this informal toeing & froing there's no conclusion & no pneumatic wisdom ...
How long will it still last ?

Every day ,
I get up & invited in front of the mirror ...
While having an earnest desire to do it /
Who could give it a name ? ...
All that an earnest desire to do it /
who could give it a name ? ...
All that is ridiculous,
I was there just now without knowing what to do
This is there books which drawing me my birth place /
How long will it still last ?...
I close my eyes ...
The rustle of the leaves is outside.These are dangerous to see
And easy to believe
The spoken word
When the fallen man has seen
The transatlantic gleam
He falls again

You call you are you'll be 
Everything to me

When the ice is in the vein 
The legend still remains to walk again
Stand on silence walk on by
And walk into the night
The shrouded light
All we are is called 
Clutching at short strawsOver the gates of Angband
You shall see Thangorodrim
The symbol of power
The symbol of terror
The Mountain of opression 

This is the place 
Where proud Maedhros suffered!

We are the horde of Thangorodrim
We are THE FIST of Darkness!
In the name of Black Enemy
We will kill with pleasure
Possessed by holy bloodlust!

Come closer - into the Darkness!As rainfall descends the sky, the roots of ancient verdant pillars drink deep, absorbing the skyfall. Thriving sentinels of this forgotten land, where shadows reign beneath the branches of this sacred wooded citadel. A vast empire reaching towards celestial limits. 

Moss blankets the earth where wild beasts have tread beneath the veil of fir and cedar, concealing an arcane realm. Shadowed wraiths dwell within this silent elder kingdom. Nameless chaos, a spectral procession seeking ascension. 

As darkness veils the land, spirits blacken the sky.With the blackstorms I came, as a thousand
black clouds stromed against the pale sky
upon the mountainside I stand, as a black
sunset rises over a funeral sky
at the top of the black mountain I stand
with the wind whipping my face
beholding my unholy black kingdom

My blackened legions marching towards my enemies
and with the funeral winds caressing the landscape
no light shall ever shine upon these lands of mine

I will ride the lands in pride
as the skies goes from dark to black
with the blackstorms I came
and with the blackstorms I will forever walk

As a norse warrior I ride
the dark valleys of evil
as a norse warrior I crush
my enemies the ones of god
it is said that death rides on black wings
through dark northern valleys
and what is said is true
'cause death......is ILet's play music
Real hot and secure
Listen, all of you
Who needs a kick to be sure

We're gonna make it
That's how I feel
Remember it's real

Turn on the record
Play it real loud
Feel your blood pumpin'
You're feelin' so proud

We, we, we're growing stronger
Can't, Can't hold any longer

Can you feel the power
Can you feel the power! Power! Power!
Power!

Did you ever dream
Of being a star
So when you stay clean
It can get you real far

We're gonna make it
That's how I feel
Remember it's real

Let's play music
Real hot and secure
Listen, all of you
Who needs a kick to be sure

Can you feel
Feel the power(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Bredi... here... discovered...
My murder has been found.
Accused and sentenced... father?
I am a wolf...
A wolf in hallowed places!

"What have you done, my son? Skadi has declared you a wolf in hallowed places. Your killing of Bredi, and your hiding of his body in the drift was an unforgivable act of murder and deceit. Come with me ... now."(Instrumental)Grant us vengeance and nullify
These acts of treason that we despise
Restore balance far and wide
Their life-stock plummets as we occupy

As I look down on the world below
The streets are filled with bankrupt souls
Bodies falling from the sky
Life-long assets liquefied

For all that you want you're nothing to give
Our reason to hate a reason to live
No longer can you be bailed out
You can't enslave us!

We free ourselves of their control
Take back the freedom that they stole
Cast aside we cast you out
You can't enslave us!

I see a perfect world on percent incomplete
And now we purge ourselves of terror
Imperialistic genocide reanimates the monetized
Join us or live this lie

As they give back to the earth they stole
They pay the interest that they owe
Retribution from on high
On their deaths we capitalize

I see a perfect world on percent incomplete
And now we purge ourselves of terror
Imperialistic genocide reanimates the monetized
Join us or live this lie

Or maybe you always land on your feet?

[Solo: Nelson, Elliott]

As I look down on the world below
The sight of murder chills my soul
Bodies piling miles high
Will our history justify?

For all that you want you're nothing to give
Our reason to hate a reason to live
No longer can you be bailed out
You can't enslave us!

Freed us of their control
Give back the freedom that they stole
Severed the hand that handed out
Now what do we do?music: Acerbus
lyrics: Totalscorn

Behold the paragon-vermin of the world
Rather a happy retard that a depressed Socratic nerd
The German Buddha could not quell yearn for capacity
But in your own submissive way, you sure found a way
I piss on the nonsense of the greatest number
I spit on remedial media's throne
Only hate slaves misplaced with authority
For masters will appeal to my tone..

 (Refrain)
Laying claim to primed unfading scruples
All this for what? To sublimate the appreciation of your
own overthrow
In the face of transcendence, unreceptiveness, and
providence
A supreme being handing ladders, to those hanging by
his rope.

I would carry The Old Scratch Banner just to be your
enemy
Raise my right arm just to piss you off...
...and while I'm at it send a bomb to Uncle CusTom
Seems suitable given the title of this song...

Your weaponry as your leading, an unguided collective
god-complex
Like the end will come because you say so.
Throughout history to this very day, it's been about
happiness in the passing
The unsurpassed decadence of your rise and fall
Is my solemn redemptionLord it was gone, you swore on it
Lord it was gone, (you swore on it)

A feeling deep inside my soul
Lord you swore it

Chaos in her eyes, comes as no suprise
Princess she lives, pauper she dies

Black sheets of rain, Darkness is my friend,
Helps to kill the pain, Till the very end

Darkens the moon, blackens the sun
Get the job done, get the job doneLook into my eyes, I swear
you will not find a spark of soul.

Hidden
In a crevice of the holy
But not beyond my sight.

Hide well,
Young one.
Or soon you will be
Unholy like me.Murder on the Clitwalk 
The broadcast stops abrupt 
Miss welfare and her sisters 
In a pool of blood 

Silence on the airwaves 
The babbling did stop 
Make-up on pink pillows 
The cocaine mafia`s shocked 

Terror in the name of reason 
Take another picture and then drag her away 

Here's the Accion Mutante in 2012 
Murder and abduction of idiots and elves 

When all that they call beauty has been taken away 
The ugliest of characters is shining through sheer skin 
Don't take shit for raisins in the model bakery 
Drugged into submission, loosing weight in the sink 

Murder on the Clitwalk 
Terror from beyond 

Underweight and dumbstruck 
Somebody's daughter cries 
A cross around her neck 
Shows her love for Christ 
She must have skipped the fact 
That vanity's a sin 
Annoying little princess 
That cannot count to ten 

The bitches stand in line to fill the empty space 
No-one will remember your Botox-ruined faceThe frost bitten scars of my ultimate departure. Leaving this body behind under that forgetful sea. Those waves shall crash and calm long after we have all fallen prey to time. My spirit shackled to this earth for far too long. Floating above those waters and sinking. Staring at my glazed eyes and salt corroded skin. The chains now broken I fly far beyond that horrid dark horrible grave of water. Grey skies eternal, mocking my death. My body forgotten under those cruel waves, never to be seen by anyone but those slime covered beasts who use my former skin as food or as a nest for new wretched life. Crushing weight of failure, my ethereal being unable to be seen, unless I give my permission. I can no longer find my body. And I am no longer bound with 
but for some reason I'm still floating over that forgetful sea. For some reason I am still drawn to those black waves.I stood there and beheld how it erupted, 
As the fire refused bowing to the mud, 
The command was clear and I had prostrated, 
As I looked up, I found him defying to sway, 

I shall not bow to one created from clay, 
This creation is stillborn, 
I shall not bow to the vermin, 

Is this the one whom thou honored above me? 
If thou but respite me to the day of eternity, 
I shall bring him under my sway, 
I shall lead him to the point of dismay, 
And all his descendants shall go astray, 

I shall not bow to one created from clay, 
This creation is stillborn, 

Go thy way if any of them followeth thee, 
Verily hell shall be recompensed for him and thee, 

Go thy way if any of them followeth thee, 
Verily hell shall be recompensed for him and thee, 
I had no power over thee, 
But to call you and yet you listened to me, 
So reproach me not, for I am a servant of thee, 
I shall not listen to thy cries, 
Nor shall thou listen to mine, 
So suffer and scream for the rest of eternityputrefacted, repulsive rebirth
spectre of fallen instincts
corruptive, inhuman ways
possessed by subconscious womb of the rave

utter depravity, dimensions beyond detest
spiritual impurity, borne of the vicious,
darkly ungraved

deterioration in ungodly trance
rabid convulsions exceed the self
alienation to own presence
within haunting, ageless, unheedful abyss

forgotten tombs of abhorrent beings
rediscovered in ceremony
abduction by the monuments from beyond
shrouded souls obsessed with darkness

devastated mass submerge through the dead,
inherited curse of vanity
crustated bones and decomposing remains
impotent lives drained unto nullity

persecutive pains of macabre excess,
rigorous disruption force fed
yearning the infinite tomb of infernal recess
to escape this grotesque, senseless, endless
ritual of nothingnessNow I drown into The Light

Where do these visions come from?
Of me naked, drawing cyphers on a sand
Leters and sings never known to me

It's me again, making sculptures of ice
That melts under light touch of my lips
(i'm) impotent creator of cold, lifeless shapes

Glare of your world on fire reflects in my eyes
Now I bath my sword in hot blood of infants
Now I kill everything you have ever loved
The world explodes when I awake!

Married to The Light
I copulate with the sun

Now my body turns into star
Now the star becomes my soul
Now my soul swallows the world
Now my inner world becomes The God

I am The Skeleton Of Universe
I am The All-Father
I am The Might
Light (lux occulta)We will help you die... I will do it before I go insane,
It kills all my pain, the most positive way to put it to an end,
No one shall take my life, I will use my own knife.

The second is the Byou, all the pain you've got,
All the sickness you suffer from, all the sorrow felt,
The Rou is the third, your fear of getting old,
You will lose your youth, your flesh will decay,
The fourth is the Shi, something you may fear
You live so you die, you never live again,
The Shou is the first, the cause of all your pain,
You live so you suffer, why don't you die?

Nothing but death can save from these three other ordeals,
Nothing will ever change, and I will be deranged

Deep silence, eternal darkness, discard all your hope,
Deep silence, eternal darkness, we all are destined to die!damned souls
pearl-laden clouds
weighed down by years
gathering dust
time to renounce
withdraw this love once was made sacred
lift a corner of the veil of time
secular tears dimmed our eyes
as fires came loose we lay face down for the crown not to be worn again
a never-ending coronation of lifeWho are you, servants
And why are you here?
What is this divine displeasure?
Disobeyed disaster is why you're all dismayed

Tertiumdatum est

For arrogance toward god
For scorning eternal joy
For speaking against god
For the end of power
For envy and hate
For star-gazing
For blasphemy
For the joy of the specter

The foolish mask you wear on
The ringing bells upon your head
Concealed tantrum and bitterness
To withstand His own complete perfections

They who speak, do not know.
They who speak, do not know!
They who speak, do not know!

Alas!
Go forwards, legions of faith
Have us prostrated
Ascend the throne of your own dissonance
Manifestation of enlightenment with eyes wide closed
Beware! The stone you used to build of
Turned to dust!

The foolish mask you wear on
The ringing bells upon your head
Concealed tantrum and bitterness
To withstand His own complete perfections

Attach the ropes to your knees and neck
A marionette, a dumb show
And if you feel more
Don't tell anyone

...narragonia...Rising from the spiral of eternal torment. Scorching the souls of the lesser beings. A whirlwind of pain is upon you all. The ash will fall in an infinite sea of screams. 

What sweet suffering! What sweet suffering! 

Lying in agony; smoldering on the ground. The fortunate are dead. Others pray to never be found. They cry for mercy beneath the pain of incinerated lungs. This reign of horrors can never be undone. Split from their insides as the flames burst all that remain. An ocean of bone and viscera, engulf and canvas the plain. The fire whips as it blackens the sky. The only hope they have is waiting to die. 
You don't exist. This world belongs to us and Lord Iblis! 

Chorus- 
Breathe in the smokeless fire. A mist of misery, governed by Ifrit. In this land of the miscreant dark ones. You don't exist. This world belongs to us and Lord Iblis!Standing still
Through the ages,
Throwing shadows
To the lowlands,
Standing tall
When the winds blow,
Lonely white idols
Rust on pedestals. 

The solitude kills
Even the immortal ones.
When will they regain their powers?
When will they be strong again? 

Heroic times which past
Worshiped them.
Why should gods of sadness
Undermine their strength?
Lonely white idols!
Lonely white idols!
Too fair to doubt the fate,
Too proud to face the hate!Through the labyrinths of wounded brain
Through the dark side of consciousness
I roam blindly, falling, stumbling
Along the verges of forbidden knowledge 
Like an explorer of mortal, fleeting flesh
That opens life's shell with a scalpel
By the flight of thought I slice the brain
In the name of lust for perverted death

I see evil
It lives on the other side
I hear evil
Calling to open the gates
I can tell you all about evil
Cause I am not afraid of
What you call Nightmare

I open the door to the gardens of secret pleasures
I cognize the orgasm of suffering
I smell the aroma of rotting flowers of my mind
Rejoicing in whatever lies beyond the border of comprehending

And like a pathologist
Pulling out the intestines
I extract outside
The beasts so strange residing in my mind

And the beasts begin to eat
The remnants of slavish trivial judgement
Relics of humanity
Everything that was a sin
And like a skillful trainer
Beasts of prey without fear
I feed them on the ashes of my mind
In morbid visions of mine

I see evil
It lives on the other side
I hear evil
Calling to open the gates 
I can tell you all about evil 
Cause I am not afraid of
What you call NightmareSoulless I lie there
Free my minds from twisted thoughts
Dreams of torment and martyred flesh

Please don't let me fade away
The rest of my life is only pain
Save me, into the night

Celebration, salvation, damnation, revelation
I am the bringer of the light
But darkness is the nature of my side
Revelation of myself

Glorification, retaliation, incantation, revelation
I walk the path of no return
Summon the dark and let me burn

Baphomet

Baphomet - Lord of the left hand path
Baphomet - be the leader of my way

This is the sign of Baphomet
Symbol of the strangest might
Oh mighty Baphomet
I'm the ancient god of my own life

Baphomet

In every soul is a small part of evil

I will fight again
Yes, I will strike again
The victory is my only destiny
Dream the dream of blasphemyLast night as I lay dreaming of pleasent days gone by
Me mind been bent on rambling to Ireland I did fly
I stepped on board a vision and followed with a will
Till next I came to anchor at the cross near Spancill Hill.

Delighted by the novelty, enchanted with the scene
Where in me early boyhood where often I had been
I thought I heard a murmer and I think I hear it still
It's the little stream of water that flows down Spancill Hill.

To amuse a passing fancy I lay down on the ground
And all me school copanions they shortly gathered round
When we were home returning we danced with bright goodwill
To Martin Moynahan's music at the cross at Spancill Hill.

It was on the twenty-forth of June, the day before the fair
When Ireland's sons and daughters and friends assembled there
The young, the old, the brave and the bold came their duty to fulfill
At the parish church in Clooney, a mile from Spancill Hill.

I went to see me neighbours to see what they might say
The old ones they were dead and gone, the young ones turning grey
I met the tailor Quigley, he as bold as ever still
For he used to make me britches when I lived at Spancill Hill.

I paid a flying visit to me first and only love
She's as fair as any lily and gentle as a dove
She threw her arms around me, crying Johnny I love you still
She was a farmer's daughter, the pride of Spancill Hill.

Well I dreamt I hugged and kissed her as in the day's of yore
She said, Johnny you're only joking as many the times before
The cock crew in the morning, he crew both loud and shrill
And I woke in California, many miles from Spancill Hill.Fight for the black shark
See what evil brings
Can't you see we're out for blood
Love from a shotgun
License to kill
Can't you see we're out for blood

[Pre chorus:]
The kids scream in fright through the night
Loving every bite with delight
And we blow out our minds with your truth
And together we stand for the youth

[Chorus:]
Red Hot, Red Hot
To the top, we are
Red hot

Shout at the devil
We've laughed at your wars
Can't you see we're out for blood
Run with the pack, now
Always ask for more
Can't you see we're out for blood

[Pre chorus:]

[Chorus:]

[Solo:]

[Chorus:]Hell evermore
Hell evermore
Hell evermore
Hell evermore

And you fell down there
And all I could see of shit
When winking wood cold
I cannot exist

I cannot exist

I will show you hell
Hell
Hell
Hell
Hell
Hell

Death eternal
The poison of life
Death eternal
Life is the poison

I will haunt
Until my time has come
Or until
I leave

I will haunt
Until my time has come
Or until
I leave

And I will haunt you always(Instrumental)Just another night among the others
But this time it'll also end an era
I am the one chosen to this task
And with great pleasure succeeded

Greef drives me through the time
She cannot disappear, only flee

That silhouette of a gothic cathedral against a stark light
Represents the violent feeling of this stormy sky
This is just another sick display of grotesque might
Everything beautiful has to wither and die
This is my sacrifice.. For those who dwell behind
Thou art my sacrifice.. To bring forth our time

Walking through the field of fallen stars
Her scent is fading
These nightmares come again
No time nor need to repent
This feeling of chase and her fear
Makes me grin and this I swear
No need to cry nor be afraid
This shall be Thy fate

To the catacombs under this burned ground
Beneath the dusky woods of eternity
Where withering leaves of life gather
I shall let them have her

Pale faces everywhere
Staring at her, wanting her
She may be our saviour
But none of us cares.. Anymore

Amazed is her gaze as she finally understands
All her children have turned against her will
Her mind and body torn asunder
And the loyal one imprisoned

My heart is cold as I drag her deeper down
This is her final night and she'll lose her crown
Her tears turned to red coloured pearls, red as blood
That I drained from her veins along with others.. Of my kind

Thy moment is now gone and we shall rule from now on

She fell on the floor
Ancient queen now forlorn
Nothing to us but a useless whore
Her blood was spilled to the door..Sometimes late at night I close my eyes and see.  It's always out to get me.
Find a place to hide and try to run away.  Clouds of fire burning sky.
The walls are closing in they're falling down on me.  My darkest fears won't let it be.
I feel them watching now.  The world around is dead.  Assassins lurking in your head.
The Raven holds the key to all eternity.  In midnight's reality we live in fear forever more.
You're just a child.  Lost in a dream.  Running Wild.  Nothing is as it seems.
You're just a child.  Lost in a dream.  Running wild and I'm falling apart at the seams.
Time it will move on the end is drawing near.  Turn to confront the fear.
So now you stand alone an evil wind blows cold.  A cave of ice enslaves the soul.
In a foreign land blood covers the ground.  Laughing demons dance around.
The visions fill your head and dreaming blinds your eyes.  Poison serpents in disguise.
A fortress made of stone where your mind is bound.  Emptiness awakes to find you setting there all alone.
You're just a child.  Lost in a dream.  Running Wild.  Nothing is as it seems.
You're just a child.  Lost in a dream.  Running wild and I'm falling apart at the seams.
The shadows move across the wall. I'm hypnotized I watch them all.
 I want to scream and run away. Can't seem to find the light of day.
The time is going rather slow. I watch it come I watch it go. 
The end's so close you'll never know. This nightmare's real, just watch it grow.
You're just a child.  Lost in a dream.  Running Wild.  Nothing is as it seems.
You're just a child.  Lost in a dream.  Running wild and I'm falling apart at the seams.In the twilight I stand.
Awaiting my funeral.
Grey clouds the skies.
The misery of my mind.
In agony, in anguish.
I will die.

By the tree of tyburn.
The crowd gathers.
By silent wings, upon the winds.
carrion birds circle the gallows.
Alone, I march.
Towards my doom.

In despair i weep.
Tears of sorrow.
My vision's as clear as a dream.
A dream of immortality.
This shall not come to be.

October sunrise.
The kiss of Autumn.
Darkness enclose.(Instrumental)As souls go in post-mortem life
So alone I have to go I don't know where
I look for sanctuary to quite down the pain
I wanna open a door to the eternity

I've tried to find my way of life
It seems like only losing fight
I often sail on waves of unfullfilled dreams
I'm trying to go through my destiny

I've tried to touch the stars many times
I envy the sun its shine
I'm lost in my longings in the dark
I wanna refind my lost paradise

Whisper my name to dust of moon
Cry in the rain drown in my tears
A flash of hate's piercing your eyes
Silent grief's deep in your heart

I cannot find which truth is right
Forgive me please mistakes of my life
Blind religion's twisting my mind
I cannot wait i must decide

As souls go in post-mortem life
So alone i have to go i don't know where
I look for sanctuary to quite down the pain
I wanna open a door to the eternity
I wanna help but nobody gives me hand
To take a heavy cross to finish my way
So lonely to see only strange faces.
Full of evil and selfishness
I need a help and nobody helps me
To fill up my mission and refind
My lost paradise!!!(Instrumental)Dogs from hell
Eat the corpse
La llave abre la puerta
La llave de sangre

Corpse frozen
Bell of death
Invocado en las
Ilamas del pasado
Un infante espera
The alfa the omega
The flesh frozen
Apocalyptic messiah
Will recite the words
Of infamy

Dogs from hellKing Vortigern summoned his masons to build
A castle upon the hill
But try as they might every wall it would fall
Quite as though the earth below stood not still
Fear not this grim omen the elders agreed
Find the one a virgin's son let him bleed
A sacrifice, a sacrifice, the king wrung his hands
Will make me high lord of these lands

These lands, these lands, once wild and free
The Saxons can't take them from me
But this one, this boy before me shows no sign of fear
And behind his eyes a light shines so clear
My destiny draws me to court as a child
But when I am old I will live in the wilds
The kings of the north shall soon fall down in shame
All for the cross and the men who seek fame

And he made every so-called wise man into a fool
When he showed them what lay beneath the crystal pool
A dragon of red, and a dragon of white
So deep within the mountain they tear at each other
Never cease to fight

By the Goddess of death and the son of light
I have been given the given the gift of the second sight
I can fly like the eagle over Albion's skies
I cause kings to fall and bring others to rise
The Ancient ones made me from elements nine
Oh I am called Merlin no father have I

Well I chose many forms before I was released
My essence is that of the wood and trees
I am lord of the beast and the son of the seas
My name is the name of the land that you see(Olaf)



"Upon exiting the torments of the dark shadow mountain, Erek found himself on a shore line. A band of merchants to cast off. Erek pled with the vessel's captain to let him accompany them on their voyage. Ignorant of the warrior's past deeds and agendas, they granted him a place among the crew. They set sail and disappeared into the sunset."Spawned in blackout spell, bewildered at the gates of Hell 
Eternal night, skeleton branches drain the light 
Walk this ground of fear, in your mind the path is clear 
Classical display of a fiendish realm fractures the dream 
All vision fades, irises blanch a milky-dead 
Immortal fate, prance around zombified state 
Vice the daemons in, fissure under tremored limbs 
Dig within the void, no trace of your traded soul 
Raise the iron to open the gate, rip the red sky with your blade 
Claim victory as the armies take form, rising with you above pain
Step after step, knee deep in liquid death; ignore bleeding wounds and broken bones 
Collapsing skies open to a new world, steering yourself in the swirl 

Hundred souls under your command, share your fatality 
Pulled by the force of the cataract ahead, plunged into infinite flames 
Blaze of the abyss drags your remains, coating an armor of faith 
World speeds in black under words of decay, everything forms the nothing once it's gone 
Gather all the parts of your scattered self, puzzle up the pieces of your head 
Rolling wave of sinful absurdity flies about the limbs of logic lost 

Wrecked upon a solipsistic mental reef, illusions hardened Eden's garden 
Twisting fate of fallen sunken empty ship, illness is the nest in which they rest 

Euclidean ruins carried in the wind, frenzied destinations strobe 
Referential fades in the distance, precious North Star singularize
Wiped out; memorize; intersperse, navigate apart infinitely 
Reckon by yourself the Equation, no truth is revealed across the Styx 

Don the Helm of Hell, face the dread of never was 
Take the Helm of Hell, steer straight and unbecomePraise the Unlord
From the earth ascends the creature, surrounded by red strokes of light,
as the young boy awakens, the beast looked up into the night
'You are here to serve me' speakes the one in tongues unknown,
'You are here to be tought, by the serpent hell has spawn'
Angel of Fire
The newborn sinks into sleep, for forty days and forty nights,
as a man he awakens, with the power to kill, the power to fight
'You have tought me, your serpents tought me, I'll avenge my bloodline,
for the prince of Evil Blasphemy'
Angel of Fire"Where's your duplicate" 
"where's your other half" 
they were asking for your sorry ass again today 
We shared some knowing glances 
and some confirmed suspicions 
"I don't know" I lied, "I haven't seen that kid in ages" 
I was happy for you 
I was jealous even 
not of her but of the normalcy she represented 
But then you grew complacent 
She filled an empty space 
and filling holes was good enough to blind you to her toxic traits 

I struggle every day to see the things you see in her 
Two polar opposites with nothing better they can do 
than try to force themselves to tolerate each other's presence 
til no one else can even try at tolerating yours 

From the outside we could tell you that you got it wrong 
Show you how you changed and why you have to let her go 
We miss you - I miss you 
But how would you address the slow decay of 20 years' love?Rise and proclaim
For it is the only way
You shall not receive
Anything you do not demand

Chaos breeds from suffering
It dwells under the surface
Waiting for the perfect moment
Uncontrolled and omni-directional

Resistance rises once again
War is in the nature of flesh
Rip down, destroy and rebuild
Gather the forces, prepare to die

Bring down the machines
Rein the flood of energy
Bio-mechanical umbilical cord
Cut from the beloved gaia

Yet it will not prevail
Life in all its forms
Death is the only purpose
The destination we all share

Rise and proclaim
For you will have to try
You shall not live
If you are not willing to die

Chaos breeds from suffering
It dwells under the surface
Waiting for the perfect moment
Uncontrolled and omni-directional

Resistance rises once again
War is in the nature of flesh
Rip down, destroy and rebuild
Gather the forces, prepare to dieWalking across the face of the earth
Wondering about times long forgotten
Thinking of what Death will bring
New terrors or plain nothingness

Weak Human Race!
Rape, Kill, Destroy!!
Weak Human Race
Rape, Kill and Destroy!!

Like Sheep following their Masters
Like Gangs following their Leaders

Brainless
Thoughtless
Feeble
Weak

No hope to be given
No pain can be avoid
Slaughter is upon You
Death your Final Goal!Massive bomb, in the air
All that remains is now shit

Warheads! Warheads! 
War planes fly overhead

Everything is deadSanctvs diaboli
Sanctvs erus
Sanctvs vestri nomen...

Helmsman of the dim
Which bestows him the bread thou have not
Which feeds the follower on his grounds

My lord, my patronizing,
I know your cogency,
Namely: a help to the high arm!

Sanctvs satani
Diabolvs dominvs
Sanctvs satani
Pater cvstodiam

Sanctvs satani
Veni omnipotens
Sanctvs satani
Aeterne diabolvs

Father,
Thee who knows compassion,
Thou pay attention to our calls.
King,
Thou hold the power of my breed
I pay my honor to you
O rejected son of the dawn...
We bleed for thee!

Sanctvs satani
Diabolvs dominvs
Sanctvs satani
Pater cvstodiam(Instrumental)reach into my hands, break these walls that you have built 
eclipsed spirit ran, nesteled deep within your soul 
removed from this world, evil damnation takes it toll 
oneself begotten... 
see me as im aiding you 
this is now your dream 
raszor sharpened misery, acid short horror 
severed from this mortal coil, screaming blind abyss 
into your own emptiness. death coussing all through 
see how ive been guiding you 
go, disolving from, eroding to 
self inflicted abuse 
god of dirt, devolving from 
self inflicted abuse 
man of waste, prayers mean nothing now 
self inflicted abuse 
tangled in arteries, breed not death 
self inflicted abuse 
imploding, from a deserted shell 
self inflicted abuse 
freedom is death and the prison is life 
darkness provides the sole escape from light 
inside of heaven lies the root of hell 
between living and nothing we shall dwell 
banishment to hell, eternally we shall fall 
no longer lifes slave, one with the astrial siffering 
nomad free from earth, soul cleansed by infernal flames 
death has replaced life, knowing that ive guided you 
dream or nightmare it is a fine line 
you have been led to a pain most divine 
ages of pain inflict everywhere, self consumed and drowned in despair 
and finally know that i've guided youI see the eyes of a coward
Pathetic, blank, ugly stare
I see the look of remorse, contempt
Confusion and sorrow
I know I helped take you there
I know you'll get what you came for
I know you'll reap what you sow, so
When all your lands are infertile
Clay, red, empty
Hollow your gardens will grow
The things I see in my mind
They make me feel so dizzy
The antidote is strong today, will it be?
Enough to damn you to a new disease
The sick are in need
Blessed the hymns of redemption
Call to wroughter of the soil and seeds
Does it make you feel free
When they do as they please?
God anthems put my soul at ease
You may be taking a loss
You may be taking what others have lost
But what you've claimed it makes no difference
Said the liar to the thief
For after all they hold no preference
To those in labor of the beast
Odds weighed, regain
The thing to shut my mouths to feed
Remorse, up-close and sensual
Lash out, repay
I'm not the thing I used to be
Enforced and quite exceptional
Thus far the rest remain unseen
A wall to scale, lay veiled in dreams
Ingrained and willed at birth
To smite the edge and break the curse
All too much to handle
These demons we must battle
No way to damn the pain
To the clay and earth in which it came
But whom you've slain it makes no difference
Said the butcher to the priest
For after all it bares no relevance
Once the slayers are released
Odds weighed, regain
The thing to shut my mouths to feed
Remorse, up-close and sensual
Lash out, repay
I'm not the thing I used to be
Enforced and quite exceptional(Instrumental)Speak in favour of your enemies!
Make insecurity crawl like worms under their skin
Offer not a single thought of sympathy
Nothing tears more at a man than mental pain
Grind what's left of their dignity.
Focus on the eyes, and paint them in a corner
The loss of panorama will have them trapped
Everything belongs to you now! To you....!!
Approach the battlefield once again
Bring death to their world!
Open the casket, force them to see,
what the reaper harvests of so called human dignity
Sense the blood run faster for every second
in quest for a triumph I know will end in fear
Your veins shall burst!
Every day is a war, no need for remorse
The panic feeds off you, but you only want more
That feeling is worth getting drunk on
So I propose a toast to the eternal breakdown
And to all man made mental hell,
that surely pulls us all under
Cause you all bear the royal crown of miseries
Suicidal, aggressive, lazy and pathetic!
You keep grinding teeth.
You will always feel scared.
A clenched list ready to strike
at every honest attempt to help
Though I carry the flag
with the symbol of your damnation 
in the end of a rope you will see me hang
For I'm my greatest enemy 
and cause of all you've forced me to see
......there's no room here left for me 
I see myself and you now, dead and cold 
For having such thoughts, we truly are sick
When we caught the first breath of life
Our souls were violated......
Death to you all......The cold of the night, embraces my mind
The greatness of the winds, evoke my name
Ancient stones, ancient memories
Give me the wisdom inside the darkness

The secrets inside of you, are a mystery
But the shadows remember your great past
Into the mountains, into the sacred lake
Where the warriors create a new empire

Life and death, day and night
Is a perfect Equinox, inside the circle of the unknown
What you feel, what it seems?
Nothing is real in this astral placeDeath, my mistress, reveal yourself to me
Talk with your servant, listen to my humble prayer
Fly through the mountains hidden in the wind
Wipe out those men: they took your place

For the Gods...
For the ones...
For the faith...
Death reigns

In the name of their inane lies
They destroyed the beauty and the magnificence
Erasing divinities, leaving only the ash
They deserve your descent on them

For the Gods who ruled the pagan lands
For the ones who where living adoring them
For the faithfull sacrificed on the altar of avidity
Here the vengeance of the Death

Black steed run faster than rain
We have to reach the top of that rocky hill
So we could see the entire valley falling down
By the hand of the fury, by the hand of the DeathLookout! Watchout!
We're bombing New York
with the smooth sounds
coming out your stereo
type this in code for the tempered
this is where a heart said
"tear me a temple(s) down"

Nothing stays sound
not with our homes sucking foreign ground

(Ruined remains throughout the ages)

Carry on
or
Let go

Of the sutured souls
we wage this millenium year of war4 witte lelies op een hemelsblauw veld
verslonden door den Klauw die iederen vijand velt 
van 't Frans gespuis dat ooit ons vaderland binnenviel
resten enkel nog d'gulden sporen, ons symbolisch zonnewiel

maar, de geschiedenis herhaalt zich, den lelie is terug in 't land 
gemaskerd als den islam en al non-Vlaams gespuis dat hier strand
en net zoals den wereld zijnen tweeden oorlog vond
lopen er te veel Leliaerts en veel te weinig Klauwaerts rond

Beschaamd om hun verleden, onzen glorierijken tijd
slapend bij den vijand, die 't Vlaamse land benijdt
dezelfden vijand die jaren terug de Lage Landen spleet
wanneer komt den tijd dat den Vlaamsen Leeuw ze met haar en huid opvreet

Wraak!!!!!! Voor de eeuwen van verdriet!!!
Wraak!!!!!!! Voor den Eer van ons Geschied!

't Vlaamse volk zal nooit versagen, vechten tot den vijand boet
Den Vlaamsen Leeuw zal eeuwig klauwen, den trotsheid van ons Vlaamse bloed
Een geslagen dier zal zich immer verweren, laat vrij dien haat voor Bloed en Ere 
De valse worms zullen 't ooit wel leren, wat 't hoogst op aard is: Bloed en Ere

Elk pad naar Glorie leidt naar een zekere dood...

Wel, leidt ons naar de dood!!!!My name is Death
I rule this land
tyrant of the Earth
I piss on your worths

Nice to meet you
pleased to kill you
nice to meet you
pleased to kill you

Fall to your knees
inhale your last breeze
quick I sink the blade
your head on the stake

Nice to meet you
pleased to kill you
nice to meet you
pleased to kill you

I bear the scythe
that will divide
death from life
pray and die

I am Death
I am Death
I will chop
off your head (x2)

I bear the scythe
that will divide
death from life
pray and die

My name is Death
I rule this land
tyrant of the Earth
I piss on your worths

Rabid Death! 
Rabid Death!Als een schaduw bewoog je door het landschap
Je danste tussen de vallende bladeren
De wind blies door mijn haren
Terwijl ik naar de witte lucht keek

Je zweefde eindeloos door de dichte mist
Het woud fluisterde je naam
Verlangend naar lang vervlogen tijden
Alsmaar verder liep ik achter je aan

Je stem klinkt in de verte
Maar je bent er niet meer
Maar toch blijf ik je volgen, elke keer weerErik was the Guard's name. His daughter held captive against her will. We speak to him and assure if our freedom be granted we would find his girl. He unlocked our shackles and told us to make haste. For not long would it take for them to find. That you and your men have escaped. And soon they will be upon you.  He says that we will find his girl somewhere in his lair. Nothing else could he reveal to us. For he did not know. Her hair is long and and her eyes glow blue. And her skin was as pale as snow. The Ghost appeared to us again, spoke with words of truth. "Erik's daughter is the key to the stones,  so without her he will have nothing." Erik joined us in our pact. And we travel again. The air is cold and our bodies need food. But we will walk on. Melinda is her name. Magic endowed to her. Her mother was a witch. With tremendous power. Power that was bestowed. Upon to Melinda. Gaarnak's spell has kept her. Into a deepend sleep. Until the stones combine and she will awaken. Unleashing spells uncontrollably upon Humanity. He says that we will find his girl somewhere in his lair. We find where she is. In the mountain of sin. Being held hostage. By a tyrant man. Jacob in her cell. Raping her sleeping body. Our betrayer doesn't know. Who's watching. Erik climbs upon him. He takes his knife. Runs it across his flesh. Then he takes his manhood. Erik leaves him to die. With a knife in his chest. His blood runs towards. The icy snow outside. Melinda is her name. Magic endowed to her. Power that was bestowed. Upon to Melinda. Gaarnak's spell has kept her. Into a deepend sleep. Until the stones combine and she will awaken. Unleashing spells uncontrollably, upon humanity.(Instrumental)Now the moon roams low beneath the stars... of Agnen
Now the dragons soar on endless through the night

How can I.... a man of my age
travel so distant with short journey
How can I.... a man of might
In front of me open the night (and erect my being)

This is the knowledge I seek great dragon
to elude from living and cast my shadow

I... dragonlord hold my staff as one of warrior kind
I... let the books of paln and dragons guide me
...on a journey through the dark

This is the knowledge I seek great dragon
To elude from living and cast my shadow(Music and Lyrics: Rajaniemi)

Unholy communion
Feast for the wicked soul
Sins in the scale of divine
The Devil's acolytes

Infinite blasphemies
Satanic ritual abuse
Religious desecration
Demonic possession

Holy Mary's sacrifice
Obey the Antichrist
Beasts of Satan rise

In northern Italy
Cruel savagery
Religious extremeTaken from liner notes: "this song represents the chaotic era of rebirth after humans have past [sic]. Time moves much differently for other organism. Many trees have been alive the entirety of civilization. Millions of years will spawn a new form of life and birth after our destructive mark has washed away."(Instrumental)Ambrosio:
"Soon you're mine innocent child.
The raptured of my soul!
Now your lips and soon your hips,
Desecration feels good!
Holding tight my magic stick,
I shall pass through your door!
You feel no fear, still I am here,
The master you'll adore!"

Pretty soon the nicest dream turned into a nightmare.
Elvira sense the evil crawling around her daughter.
The mother awakes in fear!
She's running to her child.
The kind of horror that she saw made her scream out loud in fright!

Ambrosio:
"You should not have interfered,
as I was reaching my goal.
For sure you will betray me
As you know the horrid truth!
Fear my hands, they are guilty
of touching your daughter!
Soon they will go for your throat
Your silence is your death!"

Falling breathless on the floor, the victim now remains dead.
Ambrosio must leave this house. He doesn't want to be caught.
It's too late for the rape.
But there is still a chance.
Thanks to the use of poison the monk will get the girl!Dwell in the darkened night 
the burning chaos 
Coronation of the serpent king 
the mountains are witness 
Lost wolves in the desert plain 
are marching in a long file 
The serpent fly in the red sky 
and end of an age are coming. 

While the winter are sleeping 
the internal clock of seasons are changing 
warm hot weather in the autumn 
and several dead species in the rivers 
Lords of the mighty hollow earth 
the time are finishing 
the seas are turning to black 
and the faith are lost in the sky.ugly old woman with her hair entwined with snakes 
brings people suffering and death

lord of the kingdom of the dead 
owner of the countless human souls 
dark night hunting among the dead
graves and ghosts of hell

Night terrible goddess with flaming torches and snakes in her hair 

goddess of vengeance and remorse
that punish people for committing sins 
demonic creatures hell hounds and witches

From the jaws of a terrible monster pops out a long tongue, and drips blood.

neck with a hissing snake stir
overfilled cup of torment over the edgeLooking at the horizon, full of hopes, real fantasies, memories, dreams, where this rotten world makes everything change, change to evil and death. All changing, nothing gets back to be the same, just madness is the same and growing, rotten worlds beings, dying in life, dying in their hopes. You keep growing and you never saw that painted sky again, and the forestal landscapes aren't the same anymore. Misery, the riot reactor, extreme poverty, guilty: the damned no organization, corruption always on the lead, social disorder, misery: builts up. The fool dies because of ignorance and not because of lack of strength, the other fool lives playing smart and getting away with it all. Death for all human beings: the solution.  Life: for animals and nature, otherwise it will all be a rotten world an extreme convulsion is needed...Planet of the I'll conceived - language of the dumb 
Country socially diseased - Humanity the numb

You stand in line and hope we'll follow 
But we never give in 
We wanna live in a better tomorrow 
And we never give in - This is wrong, never right 
Living dead, stand and fight 

Time to use time, not to kill time 
Time to make those hours count 
Time to face the world again 
Time to make it ours again 

Terminally doomed to fail - United treachery 
Turning on the small and weak - it's high hypocrisy 

You stand in line and hope we'll follow 
But we never give in 
We wanna change for a better tomorrow 
And we never give in 
This is wrong, never right 
Living dead, stand and fight 
Stand and fight - Make this your time 

Kill it before it gets to late - End it 

Telling you I'm all out of energy 
And I am going nowhere 
Telling you I'm all out of energy 
And I am going nowhere 
When the gap grows ever wider 
When the rich start war on the poor 
Scapegoat for all your Crimes 
You used to fear, not anymore 
When you bellies full your eyes are blind 
When you have it all - You leave humanity behind 
Make time to kill time - Never let them win 

Make time to kill time - Make time to kill time 

Time has taken a toll on you 
Nobody can save you now 
It's a death grip - Time to feel alive again 
Mortality take you down - Ticking time bomb 
No-one really care for you - A walking dollar sing 
Good for nothing - Poisoning you inner self 
It corroded you away - Never to returnRun For Cover


Everyday that he got lost
Was that chance he came across
Start to play a little lottery

There's a voice inside his ear
Says it's time to disappear
Turn into a memory

Leave the past right out of sight
Remember all you left behind
(Remember allways what you left behind)

Run for cover
Waiting for a better day to come
No reason to die young (no reason)
Run for cover
Waiting for a better day to come
No reason to die young

He can always raise a smile
But you'll never see him riling
Always on the run

No temptation to resist
Never called him moralist
Always looking for the sun

 




Words & Music : Oliver Scheer, Gino Naschke, Michael Mehl, Steve LaglederI have met her 
in a dream I had 
twenty springs ago
and every night since then

she is timeless
with fair blond hair
as tall as I am
eyes as warm as her smile

sometimes she runs
and I have to chase
through the scenes of my
wild and endless dreams

sometimes she sings
songs that I would write
words that I would say
when I wake up next day

To see my dreamborn muse
I sleep with an excuse
I despise the sun
And morning with all my heartWhen every temple burns
Where every priest is hanged
Smoldering remains of humans
Greet the eclipse with no end

Evolved, superior beings arise
Below, ignorance multiplies

Where only fires light the darkness
When only death is praised

Evolved, superior being arise
Beneath, inferiority multiplies

Once-hallowed idols crushed into dust
Prophets boil in angel's blood
Fall of procreation, sodomy is law
Purity is smashed beneath the tyrant's fist

When holy texts are ashes where holy soil is drowned in blood
when every word of worship
Is torn from every tongue...

Doom unfolds for maggots
unleash the persecution
A world lies in ashes
Age of Hell arisen[Zuranthus:]
Earthbound, a star falls to my tongue.
Come to me, Hyperion's child... come to me, spawn of Titan.
Condemned Souls of the Brotherhood of Dark Elucidation:
Callisto rising!  Glory ascendant!
Hearken Zuranthus, kin of Klatrymadon...
your brethren are free once more!
The rogue godling, your brother Zurra,
has cast his virulent majesty upon the cosmos once again!
Begot of the thunder...  Spellbinder!

[Zurra:]
Break the sidereal seal, brother!
Open the astral portal!  Give me the Lexicon...
give me that which is rightfully mine!
Destroy the guardian-light...  Kill!

[Zuranthus:]
Earthfall... the firmament weeps for this fallen star.
The cosmic ebb and flow...  Behold my splendour, progeny of Titan!

[Condemned Souls Of The Brotherhood Of Dark Elucidation:]
Callisto rising!  Goddess ascendant!
Hearken Zuranthus, kin of Klatrymadon...
on a whim you may devour the luminous sentinel
which binds this crystalline fragment of the Lexicon to bleak Callisto...
Empower your renegade sibling...
free our souls! Bestriding the tundra...  Mistweaver!

[Zurra:]
Unfetter yourself, brother Zuranthus...
bestow upon me the shard which I seek...
give me my godhead, or I shall condemn your flaccid essence
to a dimension of unparalleled pain! Kill!

[Zuranthus:]
Do not seek to threaten me, wormcast.
My tenure here is preordained...
and I will suffer your arrogance no longer, little brother.
The power of the Lexicon is not destined
to be possessed by one such as you. Be gone!

[KLATRYMADON:]
How bewitching... so poignant in the shadow of death.
Where did you send the renegade whelp?

[Zuranthus:]
Far beyond.
In this dimension, velocity itself is no longer limited by the speed of light.

[CONDEMNED SOULS OF THE BROTHERHOOD OF DARK ELUCIDATION:]
Bipolar nebula!  A falling star!  The gate yawns wide above eon-veiled Mu...

[Zurra:]
V'aan-ayth'ultaa, No'maal-pha'guus...
Damn you, Zuranthus... You will pay dearly for this outrage,
I swear it by the blackened maw of the sacred Z'xulth!

[Zuranthus:]
Stray not into my darksome embrace,
lest I grind my jaws on your soul.

[Condemned Souls Of The Brotherhood Of Dark Elucidation:]
Spare us your wrath, great one, we beg thee.
Begot of the thunder... spellbinder. Callisto Rising!

[Zuranthus:]
Behold my godhood... and pray!Thank you for buying the number one tool 
chosen by Psychonauts and Serial Killers 
throughout the world! 
Each instrument is handcrafted and forged 
by Daemons and their children 
in fires fueled by human bodies! 

We are sure you will enjoy pounding 
spikes through flesh and bone! 
We are sure you will enjoy 
our new BoneHammer! 

Crucifixion never pounded so good! 
Invert the cross and pound through the gut- 
Your only limitation- 
is your own imagination! 

So we encourage you to think outside the box- 
when next you pound metal through bone- 
with our new BoneHammer!They fill you up with their fucking lies
You''re the victims of government schemes
They take liberties they''ve no right to take
And you believe they''re oh so right
They only show concern when war is declared
Cos you''re their power and glory
This whole affair''s so fucking unfair
It''s so fucking sick

Decontrol, decontrol - We''re being shit on far too long
Decontrol, decontrol - We''re being shit on far too long
Decontrol, decontrol - We''re being shit on far too long
Decontrol, decontrol - We''re being shit on far too long
Decontrol, decontrol

We''re being shit on far too long
We''re being shit on far too long
We''re being shit on far too long
We''re being shit on far too long
Decontrol, decontrol - We''re being shit on far too long
Decontrol, decontrol - We''re being shit on far too long
Decontrol, decontrol - We''re being shit on far too long
Decontrol, decontrol - We''re being shit on far too longIn the fog over the hedges, there are drawn up the knights of the plains 
In the dark behind you, there are hidden presences full of pains 

Closed in by the roaming chants, you feel a shiver along your back 

Your misted over eyes don't see, your cold hand doesn't touch me.. 

You walk between the ruins and they watch to you, but you can't reach exile's violet rooms, your misted over eyes don't see 

It's not dream, it's not a gloomy fairy tale 
Don't you feel the fear in the boundaries of the place?
Don't you see around me the doors are opening? 
The pages of reality are confusing 
You're blind and deaf when the spring sun is blurring! 
Can't you realize how much is fast your beat? 

When the Moon shows the sacred way, you feel a strange vibration in your faith 

You go all over the streets near steps without sound 
But the echo of their prayers doesn't come from the ground!
Under the bed, where sleeps your heart, malicious nightmares whisper and then, they go up toward your opened mouth, sliding slowly inside your veins... your veins! 

Passing through your indifferent body, I cross your sleeping soul in the book which constantly changes in my hands 
I observe far from the sky to Earth... to Earth... to Earth! 

If my arm grazes the gravestone, the leap bring me over the perishing form
Smart cypresses, whispered truth, spoken at midnight, flickering lights 
A Pagan vision in my horizon, the hoarfrost expands in my bones 
Liquorous sensations, still blood, delicate sounds.. 
Things you don't... see! 

Over adders' dens, in North of the glade 
They have offered me the scepter of their Reign 
Take my hand, I've something to show you 
Come to the Oracle on the tunes of my flute 

The ivy grows on the walls where they rest 
Bleak is my world you can't understand 

Narrow the path where I stay, your forbidden and steep way 

Things you don't see, the things you don't see 
Mysterious pulsating and vigorous attraction 
Anchors me to.. the things you don't see 

Anchors me to the flesh and every my action 
Things you don't see!(Instrumental)[MUSIC:Anselmo, LYRICS: Williams/Anselmo]

Spitting on you
Lasting to last
Trashing to trash
Cashing to cash
Foul pride
Spit
Out
Trash
CashA boy looks at this world (BOY)
And a question raises in his mind
Is all this useful? (PAY)
Is all this useful? (BUY)
All these clothes
...these books
...these cd's
Everything you can buy
Everything you can't be
To give or to leave?
When you die all is burning
When you die all is lost
Remembrance? What remembrance...
It's dead with you

The answer to your question
Is inside of you
Live when you would live
Leave when you can't do it
You try to give try to give
Always when you're here
When the reaper's on your back
It's your time to leave

Boy now in your world (BOY)
You're sure all of this is dust
Is Nothing useful? (PAY)
Is Nothing useful? (BUY)
All these things
...these loves
...these lives
Everything you can see
Everything you wanna be
To give or to leave?
Hurry up boy just one little breath
Now you can't live no more
Look at your hands boy...Your hands boy
Are full of dust

The answer to your question
Is inside of you
Live when you would live
Leave when you can't do it
You try to give try to give
Always when you're here
When the reaper's on your back
It's your time to leave

(solo: god)


The answer to your question
Is inside of you
Live when you would live
Leave when you can't do it
You try to give try to give
Always when you're here
When the reaper's on your back
It's your time to leaveThe obsidian portal has opened
Spewing the seeds of our aversion
We march on toward victory
We march on toward supremacy 

The spear of destiny was bestowed upon us
Driven by fire, conducted by abhorrence 
The allurement of dementia stagnates
In the abysmal trenches of consciousness

Bow down before us, wretched creatures
The tendrils of woe swath the divine spark
Proceed unto thy transformation
Seared unto thee undying agony

The welkin favors this withering era
Contemplating the endless darkness

Join us on our journey unholy beast
We have coveted this sacred moment
The enigma of life shall soon unfold
Behold our adamant will to conquer

Storming the place of light
The battle has now begun
Through strength and vigor
We shall prevail

Within the flames of perdition
Setting ablaze the path to infamy
Scarred eternally in the entrails of time
As we advance to reap the unforeseen gloryA nobelman of the Arvenian
In Gergovia was hailed as king
Alliance with the other tribes
Had been made, ready to fight.

Vercingetorix, king of great warriors
Empire was shaking by the power of the Gauls
Vercingetorix, having supreme command
Won every engagement and battle against Romans.

The shining hope of Gallia
In Alesia faced his destiny
But the heroic deeds won't fade
Their memory will echo in eternityThe Desert harbours Secrets
Unpleasant to the Eyes of Man
Lurking there, the Witch Cult
Eager to obey the Dark Command

  Prisoners of Darkness
  Enslavement Eternal
  Within the Book of Corbis
  Within the Devil's Journal

Creeping through the Colonies
Insidious Diabolic Flood
Well-respected Pilgrims
Had signed their Names in Blood

  The Coven was Discovered
  Their Punishment Infernal
  He-Who-Had-Betrayed Them
  Now possessed the Journal

Displaced Souls Without the Book
Centuries of Living... Death
Dwelling - Hating in the Desert
The Will of CORBIS shall prevail!

  Few would stand against Them
  Evil would decimate the Land
  What could topple Corbis
  With the Book returned to his Hand?

    The Orb of Souls - screaming
    The End to Years of Pain
    The Orb of Souls - shattered
    Conjuring the DEVIL'S RAIN!

The Devil's Rain dissolved Them,
  The Evil lived no more...
The Flesh of Satan's Legions
  Now Pools of twitching GORE!
And what became of Corbis
  Within his Master's Wrath?
He Lives inside the Mirror,
  In every Human's Laugh...Without noticing the pouring rain
I sliced my wrist with my knife
I couldn't ignore the endless pain
The last thing in my dreary life

"Dark clouds filled the open sky
My heart was filled with hate
I bent down on my knees and cried
Is this really my fate?"

"I'll never again see the sun rise
Cause now I'm in my eternal bed
Death is so sweet and nice
And I enjoy being dead"

On this, my last journeyOnce again a glare in the nightsky
Far, far beyond the treetops
Another one encircled by flames
Banned from a worthless life of plight

Hide not behind your pitiful self
All got blurred, reality distorted
Apathetic is the moment, fierce is the thought
Leap from this place you fear not

Close from what's lurking afar
The landscape fits in my hand
Still so far from what's so close
From where I am I demand:

Leap, leap from this place your fear not

If the answer is not violence
And violence is but a question
Will you incongruous men
Allow a behaviour correctionThe Fall of The Angel

My doom have changed now
And eden was just another dream of a child
It was not treason, was freedom
The place of marvels was a fucking illusion
Stupid weak beings, stupid weak slaves

Because I denied your power
You send me to my new lair
And of course, I am a prince
See this melancholy
See this world be destroyed
But not for my hand

Dancing in flames we are now
Drinking blood of weak souls
By my error, by my freedom
I have to live in this world
Who will come to join with us?
By mistake I have fallen

Stop to crying now
Stop to praying now
Stop be slave
Stop to searching truth
Stop to searching power
Just I wake
Fall...Human Genome has been mapped, proceed with caution
Benefits for all mankind or capitalist distortion
Good people of science, stand firm against evil men

The ugly face of beauty
Screams devolution of man
You will conform before you are born
A new master race is the plan

Human Genome has been mapped, proceed with caution
Benefits for all mankind or capitalist distortion
Good people of science, stand firm against evil men

Sacrifice your inferiors 
Upon the altar in the temple of aesthete
A reduction in genetic diversity
Will bring humankind to its knees

Mass myopia!
Mass myopia!

I am you
You are me
We've bred out individuality

Now we're dancing on a dead planet
It's not much fun
Sensual gyrations of beautiful people
Gene pool evaporating under the sun

We need foresight. We can't look back
On a twisted world and erase what's done
Beware recombinant DNA
A scourge will hit the earth and leave nowhere to run

I am you
You are me
We've bred out individuality

Could this be our final step on the road to self-deification?
But lying behind your saccharine smile
Lurks the danger of genetic homogenisation(Part I: Visions)

Darkened dreams, blurred realities

Phlegmatic mind reflections
Inner paradox, shades of life

Ruins of existence, axis of time

Livid streams
Inhaling the knowledge
Wallowing maze of
Burning spirits

Endless quest
Eternal desires
Tides of despair

Lifeless dreams
Creeping memories

Deceptive emotions
Painless delusions
Hatred and fear

Endless vortex
Of false agonies

(Part II: Labyrinth)

Mortal forms bound to limits
Trapped inside claws of time

Hidden darkness, call of void
Minds buried under hopes

Exalted sorrows, whispering pains
Lost ways, morbid decay

Rotting conscience, massgraves of minds
Bleeding... vision of life
Ascending agony, suffocating fright
Morbid... feast on lies
Demented psychosis, silent cries
Mystic... call of demise
Magnetic dissonance, parasiting thorns
Covert... passage to cosmic tombs

Channeling through mortal pains
A trip into realms of dread

Obscure voices from beyond
Call of wisdom, realm of dark
Immortal reign, timeless domains
Above human, above deathBow to the winged sun - 
to our God!
Spread out the lion skin
before your way
You slaves and slaveresses
be glad with us.

Now you'll console great god 
with the red dreams
Like the sacred leafs are quivering
In the smokes of center
Tremble of the mysteries 
of our belief.
The Marduk's Golden Spears will impale your eyes!
The sacred hymns will join the innocent pangs.

Because we all are staying
near the sacred threshold
We all the beggar 
We are blind and dumb
And we are calling 
and looking for God
Through the red flame
We led you to our God!
_______________9-UNHEALTHY INSTINCTS OF REDEMPTION  
  
" SO FUNNY AS YOUR PRIEST'S MORAL FLAW  
AND THE EPITOMIZE OF YOUR OWN EXISTENCE "  
  
REFLEXES CONFRONTING IN CONTEMPT  
LOOKING IN THE MIRROR THE LIES THAT YOU SPILLED  
POLLUTED WITH THE BITTERNESS OF THE OWN TEAR  
BEING SLIPPERY IN THE DIRT OF OBSCENE EYES  
  
DROWNED OF KNEES IN THE PAIN  
YOU PRAY FOR A BLIND GOD  
THE PICTURE OF THE DEATH IN YOUR WALL  
DEFORMED FIGURES, SPLASHED OF BLOOD  
  
ALL YOUR LIFE DECLINES, RAPE OF THE EYES  
THE STAINS OF YOUR MYSTIFICATION  
SCARS OF THE HATE IN YOUR SOUL PUSTULE  
BUT YOU STILL PRAYER FOR YOUR GOD  
  
ENSLAVING IN TORTUOUS PRAYERS   
UNHEALTHY INSTINCTS OF REDEMPTION   
CRAWLING IN THE POVERTY OF THEIR VILE MANNERS  
EMPTY WORDS IN YOUR LONELY MASS  
  
CONFRONTED AGAIN BY THE PATHETIC REFLEX  
LOOKING IN THE MIRROR THE DIRT OF THE OWN "BENEDICTION"  
THE PICTURE OF THE DEATH IN YOUR WALL  
YOUR TRAUMATIC AND USELESS EXTREME UNCTION, AMEN.The sound of tiny light steps from cold insect feet
Crawling backwards sweeping through a discordant evasion
A wormhole passed borders of time
The outer limits to our past
A sealed evolution
Senses forbidden
An organism stopped
I walk through the seven glitches
Glitches of nothingness
I walk through the seven glitches
Feeding on nothingness

Forcebend
Forcebend
Forcebend
Forcebend
Forcebend
Forcebend

Inhaling the essence in our souls
A void proposed, dismal
Juggling the reality
Spiral cloak
A fake nature
A black planet in disguise
A hidden section of life
Weave the fragments of our existence together
I walk through the seven glitches
Covered in nothingness
In nothingness

Forcebend
Forcebend
Forcebend
Forcebend
Forcebend
Forcebend
Forcebend
Forcebend

What is beyond the even horizon?
Another glitch, another loop?
It is the coroner of our time
Piercing the serpent omega

A sigh of redemption followed by a mourning starIn this voyage I passed
I have seen my only task
Paradise is not in heaven
But on earth you should know
Satanized your religion
It is time for decision
He was here before creation
And will be forever more
BLACKER THAN HELL
For ages and ages
He crawles beneath the earth
Waiting for vengeance soon I will hope
Nothing can stop us from loving hell's wrath
And to bury religion in the sand
WE WILL NEVER FORGET HIM...
FOREVER TRY TO RELEASE HIM...
So silent in his world
So pure are his thoughts
In this vacant world
I will shout his words
Forever death
Forever black
Forever spawn
Forever, forever
Darkness upholds his fist tonight
Moon shining bright above your lies
Screaming and crying won't help tonight
"For I am of him in this world you can't hide"(g.b.)Don't ever asking why
No doubts, no fears
straight to everything
ignoring anything
you are beyond the human mind
you are beyond non return line
obliged to the surface
you dare not see
the darkness that envelopes you constantly

And you just say
you gonna live this way
without bringin'up a flame
to enlight the shades
enjoying the corruption we lifted upon
glorify the recklessness actions
weawing a curse we heard so long
with lies we built up a world
poisons like tongues
ideals like lies.

Don't ever ask why
we don't uderstard this undoing
you live an havoc of consciousness  
a twisted dream of undercoverd pain
a new dimension of hypocrisy
don't waste my time
with hate and gain
we aren't falling
we haven't done yet

Show no fear
Show no love
Show no shame
Show no mercyYou may rest in doubt forever
And the choices will be made for you
Concerning good and evil
No rash judging should be done

Where the view is broad
Atop and above, from within

But is that really so
It all lies for you to decide
No heavens would care
If you only did dare
Sigh and moan
Cry or scream
The facts won't wash away
But one end there will be

In the heart of all that
That do come here
No flow or devotion or aim
To be found
It will forever stay the same
And the art of them
That climb and ascend
The start of things anew and reborn
Free of the worrying and any scorn
And any scorn...


Through all the nights thick with mist
And the blank unrelentless of days
Eagerly keep eyes open to see
What tool to be picked up for your final
A pondering of might through a peeking top
And the shadow, and the dark side
Of your existence will be forgotten

(Chorus)
The limbo unmade into a garden
Coffin-shaped heart
And dawning suns to rise for that -
That sole one
Coffin-shaped heart
And who would have thought it -
Thought it to be true
Coffin-shaped heart
That all answers were found -
Found in there

In the heart of all that
That do come here
No flow or devotion or aim
To be found
It will forever stay the same
And the art of them
That climb and ascend
The start of things anew and reborn
Free of the worrying and any scorn
And any scorn...

The limbo unmade into a garden
Coffin-shaped heart
And dawning suns to rise for that -
That sole one
Coffin-shaped heart
And who would have thought it -
Thought it to be true
Coffin-shaped heart
That all answers were found -
Found in thereWe are preachers Of innocence's light,
Winter is our fate, clouded our days
All white is snow deep in the night
Wind blowing soft among us.
I've seen sweet snow deep in the path
of procession
and little lights of our hands falls into
the ethereal forest.

The dreams are in the cave to astral Babilonys.
Marduk, Bellzebub, Nergal, Samael Lilith
(Gods of our world!) 
If I'm in the path of dreams my Immortality is gone 
A world of false prophets is this
We are preachers
of innocence's light
winter is our fate, clouded our days
clouded days upon our forest
My winter I want to bless
wind blowing soft among us.(Instrumental)Ancient trees, the pale moonlight
Gives birth to a splendourous sight
You follow the path
The treacherous light



 "Come to me, just follow my light
Don't be afraid of what appears in your sight
Guide your steps by my voice, come to me
Light your path and live for eternity



 The eye of thought opens
Giving light to the mind
I see no orchids
Only withered roses.



The light of the star is treacherous indeed
For it brings me to eternal sleep
My hart stops beating, I can't breathe
The light from my path decieved me.En mager toes ble med i dansen
Som gikk stadig villere for seg
Hun danset sine arme bein til blods
Men kunne ikkje gi seg
Og da felespilleren
Tro frem i lyset
Oeynet folk med ett
At hans ene fot var den av en geitsThe doom is near in this night
Bloody skulls are over the pentagram
Cry for the sabbath bells
Fallen angels scream for mercy

It's a time to bury the priest
On the down of Meggido your grave is dig
The sky turns as black as spell
Haunting my eyes and my mind funeral rites

You are chosen by Hell
Dig your sepulchre
We force you to come in
And we'll bury you alive
Black songs are heard with the funeral
Rotting corpses mutilated over the ground
Graves will violated
And corpses will be stolen

FUNERAL RITESIn the darkness of the night
You appeared to me in a dream
You stepped out of the swirling mist
And your beauty captured me
Such an aura of mystery
You can not be of this world
There's just one place
From which there's no return

Come take me home
You're my woman of mystery
To the place where I belong
Come take me home
Woman of mystery

Oh lady of the night
Please tell me, will I ever be free
Or will you always
Be on my mind?Guilty - and lost
I stepped into the wrong direction
My life - a dead end
For me there is no salvation

Agony - and despair
I know there will be no tomorrow
My bowels - will burn
I will end up in suffering and sorrow
Their hate - found me
My soul is begging for remission
In front - of the gates
In heaven I'll get no admission

chorus:
As the sky turns black
Disarmed of all my pride I die
I take my final breath
The sun sets eternally on the unhallowed

The time - is near
A few sceonds and all turns black
I - will perish
Their will is to see me in hell
Faded - pictures
Before I leave this place
The taste - of blood
The last impression of my life

chorus

chorusChild of devotion, mother of transcendent sin. Ritual surrender to the acosmic din.
The giving of flesh at the altar of death, transmuting pain into gnosis.

To see. To know.

Strip the flesh from shrouded forms. Negation of self, only to be born again.
Broken flesh in the realm of sacrifice, Burning spirit affirmed in death.

To see, to know, to burn, to be.What if there was a chance
To return to the past
Or look into future
Through wormholes rotating fast

Conflicts arising, possibilities unseen
Bend the flow of time
Too hard to believe?

An unreal journey, the ultimate quest
Enormous the power in your hands
But what would you find and what could you change
Playing with unknown, time in your command

Knowing now your mistakes
But would you do them just the same
Knowing what will happen
Would you break under the strain

Only a theory, perhaps never realized
Who'd have the privilege
To cross the bounds of time

Would you wish to undo
Would you wish to never have lived
To create this invention
And the possibilities it will give

(Solos: Rape, Manne)

Fate in your hands
Sinking into quicksand
With every change that you make?(A Song of Acceptance)

When my time has come
Lay me here to rest
Looking out to the west
Where the sun sets
As it will for me

Do not mourn long
For I will be home
Watching over the land I loved

What fate will bring us
I cannot know
Our world may change, our people too
But I did what I could
Within the shackles of fate
No more and no less
Will the world offer to you

In death my name will be forgotten
And lost to history
So I did what I could
In the time offered to me

Now my time has come
And here I do rest
Looking out to the west
Where the sun sets, as it did for me

Farewell(Instrumental)As lit candles project
the shadows of the goners.
We see their lives in death
gasping for air.

The hidden souls have risen
from the pits of the etherworld,
and sang as they were flying
towards the foretold eden.

Once again the lands turned white
and snow covered the green living.
Soon the night skies turned red
from the blood people have been giving.

All the human souls that still shine
are once again to be mine.

The fallen eden of souls
has been kept forgotten.
Now we stand in lines,
pitch black and rotten.

All their pain and suffering
is the power that leads us on.
And while their eyes are still shutting,
another human soul is gone.Implements sacrificed, a shard in the flass of this Great Wyrk

Orchestration:words echoed through acons of legacy, still to be spake

The Seraphim kneel at my command
There are no gods but those at our feet

And did I not glimpse thy kingdom O Ra-Hoor-Khuit?
To the final bliss of invocation I have now succumb

I have never known such ferocity
I have never known such pain
O Great Wearer of the Uraeus!

Servus Sevorum Dei
Defensor Niger Fidei
Servus Sevorum Dei
Servant of the Thousand Named God!

And did I not glimpse thy kingdom O Ra-Hoor-Khuit?
Emptied and broken, in collapse, suffocated ascent

I am as a wolf who has eaten
Himself to death and dies within the bones
He cleaned with his own teeth

Servus Sevorum Dei
Defensor Niger Fidei
Servus Sevorum Dei
Within the vesture of flames

Servus Sevorum Dei
Servant of the Servant of God

Infirmo lucidus lux vindicamus servusTonight is the night
An ancient rhyme
Will come to life
awake now, for centuries she's lied

She rules the night
Curses the light
Destroyer of life
You can run, but cannot hide

Disfigured and wry
Crippled and blind
Don't look in here eyes
Or it will be your turn to die

As it is written in the books of the ancients,
there lives an old crone hell-bent on the destruction
of all that is good and pure in the world.
She resides in the deepest bog of the southern
swamplands, hidden far from all civilization.
Nothing can stop this thing of evil, this blasphemous
whore, this unholy abomination!

He wrinkled, pustule-ridden flesh lay hidden
underneath a soiled burlap shroud.
She smells of the foulest funk a man could ever fathom.
Anyone who dares to look her directly in the eye will
suffer untimely, excruciating death.
Avoid this ageing wench at all costs, this decrepit recluse,
this grand malady of all creation!

The Swamp Hag:

"I have seen the dawn of time
I have seen the fall of Christ
I have made the Virgin sigh
I have watched her children die... Goddamnit!

I've been here since the dawn of time
I deny your Jesus Christ
I have raped a virgin thrice
Fucked her slit until she died... Goddamnit!

I have stolen and I have lied
I have fought and I've been tried
I have fucked a filthy swine
Laughing as your children die... Goddamanit!We are walking side by side
I don't look at you, you don't look at me
I touch your hand, you push me back
We are walking and falling into memories
We aere searching for our freedom of mind
But don't know where to find
We try but there is no emotion
We wanna move, but there is no motion

We're like black birds in the white 
The fire of doubt is burning so bright
Got a lot to say but not able to talk
So we gonna stay mute, go for a long, long walk

Outside we're smiling, but inside we re crying.
Acting like puppets, we're hollow inside
Our hearts are frozen, but we don't know why

We cannot get apart 
trapped both in the same cage
The door is locked, the key thrown away
Smiling, but our hearts burning in rage

We've got so much to say, but don't find a word
We're in the white like a big, big black bird

We feel like we've jumped into deep cold water
We've got feelings, but we cannot explain them
We're clammed to be mute, that's our bother!

We're like black birds in the white
The fire of doubt is burning so bright
Got a tot to say but not able to talk
So we gonna stay mute, go for a tong, long walk
We've been searching for our freedom of mind
We'll never know where to find
We've always tried, but there was never emotion
we've wanted to move, but there was no motionAtomic abominations enslaving the human race
No escape from the maze, subterranean death factory
Our numbers vast superior and our strength remains unequal
You've submitted your lives to us, eternal workforce

Born of earth, scorched by man, race of master creation
Feel our power as you crawl among the feeble
Endless hours inside the loaded chambers
To build the infestation to complete totality

Mysterious deaths, a secret of the desert
TERRIFYING! INFESTATION! AMONG US!
Burn the bastards, send them to hell!
ENDLESS! MAZELIKE! DOOM!
Spawn of burning suns gifts of science
COLOSSAL! RADIATED! HORRORS!
Till darkness and destruction and the beasts will reign of the earth
SUBMIT! SUBMIT! SUBMIT!

Ant lords rule in absolute power
Segmentation along a former empire
We're finished...

Radiated Overlords
Radiated Overlords
Feel our power as you crawl among the feebleI get good feelings when I look through her eyes 
I breath in deeply and she takes me so high 
Such infatuation aint it a shame 
I get good feelings when she hits my brain 

She tugs and pulls me past the planets and stars 
The distant galaxies don't seem so far 
The chariot drifts across the milky way 
My mind is racing as I slip away 

Until she fades away - Oh yeah 

The winged mistress takes me into her lair 
And just to drop me down she don't seem so fair 
Through smoke and ashes now I see her plan 
And I'll be waiting there with open hands 

Until she Fades away - Oh yeah(Instrumental)Deliver us from all the wicked
Deliver us from the woe
Free, these chains of hell
and now's the time to strike the final blow

One by one, to the swords, to the guns!
Two by two, and away we go
Father and Son, heed the words we pray
Deliver us from Evil this day
Deliver us from Evil today

Deliver us from ill minded rulers
Deliver us from all their talk
See all the evil and the greed
These people that seek what they've lost

One by one, to the swords, to the guns!
Two by two, and away we go
Father and Son, heed the words we pray
Deliver us from Evil this day
Deliver us from Evil today

Prepare for the final awakening
Prepare for the time it has come
Look to the heavens! A crack in the sky
The ending of time has begun
. . . and now all that you have is gone . . .

Deliver us from all the hatred
Deliver us from all the sin
and we who believe will eternally sing
these words in which we call the battle hymn!

One by one, to the swords, to the guns!
Two by two, and away we go
Father and Son, heed the words we pray
Deliver us from Evil this day
Deliver us from Evil today
Deliver us from Evil . . . we pray!A darkness on the edge of town
A flame burning through the forest
Wandering beyond limits
Clambering out on the precipice
We cannot return
What we have lost we cannot regain
It cannot be made right again
And so we are
Wandering the world of ash
Waiting for the end of the end
Dust is our food
Clay is our meat
Like water hurled from crag
To crag,
down into endless uncertainty,
I now give you everythingAll will sigh when they realize we dwell in the land below
Keepers of Nergal's knowledge of Zingir behold

The siege of Lachish
Our demon spirits
The valley of Gehenna
We are heard so loud

From blood they are running now
Legions of ours slay the enemy
They are going to die when the fall of the site begins
On the mountain side let it be, the slaughter of the deity
Life is blind life is death, the siege of Lachish will stop the slaves, so bow!!!

March of the wicked, the mighty breed
Winds of the fearless Nineveh will blow
Finding the realms of the mighty brethren
Waging the siege now the siege of blood

Lead: Ashmedi

The siege of Lachish
Our demon spirits
The valley of Gehenna
We are heard so loud(Instrumental)666 words of blasphemy
Denial of christian beliefs
In the coven of heresy
to stray from god's light
Black Heresy
Lead by the Black Priest of Satan
to curse Jehovah
We are the cult of darkness
We are the cult of black flames
Black Heresy
Follow the black heresy...
Christ be crushed and forgotten...
Path of the strong
Heretics conquer the worldHere I am: Joseph the virgin -- born,
Betrayed for 20 pieces of silver,
Brother of the dozen, divine since I was 30,
Died at 33, took three days to be born again
Here I am: Jesus the virgin -- born,
Betrayed for 30 pieces of silver,
Teacher of the dozen, divine since I was 30,
Died at 33, took three days to be born again

...while the world is mourning in sorrow no afterthought
No hope for great transformation

Why don't you question tomorrow?
World will not change its way
Eternal existence in dogma was it your concept..?

And maybe... on a long winter night
In the silence of your space
You will start to
Immerse in infinity
Of your mind, and try to see...
And your thoughts will start to rise and rise to the sun
With hope you will look up to the sky
And the shine of life star will blind you with your own stupidity!

A new model of pagan culture?
And I just ask you:
Who looks at the sun?

The antihuman!

I summon all the elements
May the winds raffle the oceans
And volcanoes release the fire from my inside

...and beneath the shroud of ash new seeds will soon sprout

Shall it be!!!

Here I am: moses, they put me on a raft
And sent me downstream
Saving me from infanticide
I was found by the king's daughter
And brought up to be a prince
Here I am: Misses,
Who brought the stone tablets
My god's imperatives
Here I am: Minos,
I descended the dicta
And brought Zeus's sacred laws

...while the world is mourning in sorrow no afterthought
No hope for great transformation

Why do not you question tomorrow?
World will not change its way
Eternal existence in dogma was it your concept of life?

I curse the successive law -- givers!(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Scared up raven yells
On the cemetary darkness fells
Smouldering firebowls
From eternity hell's usher howls
Tonight
The vault hears a fatal vow
Of the preacher veiled in a cowl
He swears the righteous soverreign
For an alliance to rouse the flame
Tonight

Diabolic force, occult energy
Diabolic froce, live eternally

He takes the wroughtiron cross
Fullfilling the fiend's cause
He breaks beyond's boundary
The fate's sealed on this cemetary
Tonight
The preacher bows his head
Sinking he beats all the dread
Falling in a black abyss
Hearing the demon's hiss
Tonight

In eternity he walks his path
Bedeviled by a certain wrath
Supported by eternal flame
Men of hate to tame
Tonight
Vultures of death are flying
Under their cry the evil's dying
Destroying society of hate
Like thunderstorm they bring their fate
TonightLife is a holy war
Death is the only cure
Torn from yout sanity
Killing the lies of the human breed

(Chorus)
Dawn of inhumanity
We are upon

Lead the sheep into darkness
Sacrifice the weak for your profits
Leave the sick to rot and suffer
Drink from what we have to offer

(chorus)

Reaping from what you know
The torture waiting from below
Feeding on the deeds of death
Fighting 'til your last breath

Lead - Bower

Reaping from what you know
The torture waiting from below
Feeding on the deeds of death
Fighting 'til your last breath
The pain is yet to come
From the hell that has begun
Falling to our death

Lead - Coralles(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Spring is taking its first mouthfull of air
Breathing out a warm and generous atmosphere

All the girls are in their gardens
Cleaning up from this winters chaos
Crooked grains and dead foliage

Yet here she is
Still slumbering on her feather pillow
When she should have been out
Growling all kinds of flora

Tell my friends i'm on vacation
I just want to sleep all day

And they whisper between the shivering infat leafs:
She's got lazy bones

A new dawn has come

It's all there in the early mornings
Let her sleep

I saw the car outside you're house
I know that you are home
Why don't you pick up the phone?
Why are you angry?Darker side of the nature
its Saturnine circle is opening
Clairvoyance to this power
has many ways...Return to the land
Shed beneath wounds
Eyes of black stone
The silver race, the shining ones
Passed beyond gates alive
Divine formless words
Weaver of chaos
Dreams of our souls
Long barrows beacon
Ancient burial mounds
Visions of the Spheres
Crossing the bridge to evermore

Circle fields
Rays of the rising
Full moons in the darkness
Beneath the horizon
Dreaming womb of Death and Destiny
Souls from her womb
Void return when we die

Dream-haunted skies
Tides of far spheres
Hills formed in crystals
Crossing Boundaries Long Ago
Enter into these halls
Mighty waves and winds
Fires blazed on beacon hills
Rising through the air
Abandoned fortress
Caves of the forgotten
Dim and dusk piercing chill
Mountains of iron

Circle fields
Rays of the rising
Full moons in the darkness
Beneath the horizon
Dreaming womb of Death and Destiny
Souls from her womb
Void return when we dieWho has thrown me into the Suffering of Worlds, Who has transported me to the evil darkness?
Grief and woe I suffer in this body-format. How often must I put it on, how often put it off...
Who has carried me into captivity, to the guilty ones. Sons of the vain Dwelling?
Woe woe to the maker of my body
Woe woe to the chainer of my soul
Woe woe to the rebels who have reduced me to servitude.
This tribe of Souls transported here, from the house of life, to the rebels who make war day after day.On the hallowed backs
Of titan night birds
We ascend
Into black night
With no moon or stars
In sight
A crushing dark
You had never known
Consumes you

The winged creatures
They soar and screech
A piercing sound
Drowns everything
Else out
Higher and higher
Still we climb
Into this endless sky
The atmosphere is
Unkind and wild

Bulbous eyes
They exude
Wisdom greeted by
Ignorance in crowns
In crowns
In crowns(Instrumental)piss off existence
drunken resistance
too drunk for punk
too drunk for luck
grab a pint
and lose a fightBORN FOR INFERNAL FLAMES
TOTAL FIRE IN MY MIND
ALL I SEE IN COMBUSTION
ILL BECOME A HUMAN TORCH
FIRES BLOOD IN MY VEINS
OPENING INFERNAL GATES

POSSESSED, POSSESSED BY FIRE (2)
SPIRIT IN PERPETUAL BURN
ETERNAL FIRE IN MY SOUL
LIKE A INFERNAL SUN
THROWIN FLAMES TO THE WORLD
SPIT IN THE HOLY NAME
BLASPHEMING IN FRONT HE SAINTS
IGNIS NATURA RENOVATUR INTEGRAM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BACK TO THE ANCIENT CULT
WE WILL SEE THE ASHES PAIN
BURNING IN THE INTIS REIGN
CHARRING TOTALLY MY BRAIN
INTO HELLS FIRE
WE CONVERT INTO TOTAL ENERGY
LIGHTS MY SOUL WARRIOR
TOTAL DOMINATION BY FIREOne last step 
the hope is gone forever 

in darkness, awaken from eternity 
the gallery of nothingness 
scorned images veiled in white 
hear the howling of life no more 
purify your blood with emptiness 
come, my sweet solitude 

bless the fools with silence 
take away the burden of existence 

...lead me through Your marble halls... 

Accept my humble gift of tears 
and share it with the wind 
Remember every whispered fear 
to haunt me until I bleed 

...never ending cycle... 

tragedy beyond comprehension 
with every second closer and closer 
brings the laughter again 
celebrating the moment of loss 

Rest under the black horizon 
await in the slumber 
kiss the golden mirror 
hidden away in the dirt(Instrumental)I can smell the sweat and blood around me
I can hear you screaming loud for me
Blow him into nothingness you're shoutung
No one but me shall walk out of the pit
Meet my rival for the very first time
Gotta make sure, it will be his last
You don't like to pay for naught and nothing
All you wanna see is, I bring him pain
And I know, all your love is with me
-Beat him, -tread him, -kill him-
I'm your sowrd, I'm your angel of death
This is the place where I kill for you
This is your time of diversion and fun
So enjoy!!

I am heart and soul of all you people
Bearing all your hatred in my fists
I'm licensed to kill for your pleasure
In your name, I bring the deepest painThe body count rises as my years fly by
All those around me drop dead just die.
Bullets to the head, dreadful disease
Razor blade in hand slashes vital arteries.

I wake screaming Christ in vain
Anger racing through my chest

Punch holes in the walls till my blood flows free
Desperate attempt to free the agonyLuntanu di l'occhi la nmiria ti mancia
di fangu e vilenu eni china la panza
ciumi di sangu, ciumi di ciatti
Pilunia ti jettu pi tia e li tu motti

Pilunia ti cantu pi tia e lu teo santu
pi chiddi chi vennu yo spero lu 'nfernu

Pilunia 'nfetta di 'nmalirizioni
vilenu t'acchiana na lu to cori
occhi di sangu chini di odiu
Pilunia cammina na lu to fatuTHE SLUG COLUMN MARCHES
DRAGGING ITS SLUMBEROUS IMAGO
TO THE SLOUGH OF DESPOND

COCOONED ANOMALY
PUPA ATHIRST FOR OBLIVION
SILENCER OF APICES

ALONG THE SLIMEY TRAIL
OF HE WHO LOUNGES
THE GOLDEN LIZZARD SLURS

DORMANT EIDOLON
FERMENTED ANTILOGY
SILENCER OF APICESVeni a lu lustru addevu addisiatu, da la matri siminata nasci ora lu piccatu...
"Agghiasru, Agghiastru... veni ora tu a lu LUSTRU"(Instrumental)Violence against the crowd
Shooting on behalf
The monopoly state
An uprising they create

No one stands it all
The corruption overall
A shot was the start
Of chaos that night

Resistance
Formosa is ours
They take the land
This is our end

Sacrifice
We'll give our blood
And stain the streets
Writing the history in red

Three days of slaughter
The army kills and loot
Beheadings, mutilations
The fear and despair

Clemency for escapee
It was a trap
Slaying the Formosan
An endless massacre

Resistance
Formosa is ours
They take the land
This is our end

Sacrifice
We'll give our blood
And stain the streets
Writing the history in red

Cry my people
Red is all I see
Screams all I hear
The chinese are here
They won't let us
Live another day

---------------------------------------------------

Slayers: Kuomintang
Slaughtered: Taiwanese civilians
Season of Red: 28/02/1947Forever I'll seek myself
always I've lost my way
Remember I am a stronger man
that have seen the true face of this stranger death.

I am ready to live
deep down reality;
I am not fool , still I've realized :
you must bleed to take a new breath
that will speak around the lies ;
come on' can-you listen to me now?

Please leave your trouble behind ,
between the stars of the night
where the darkness are full of dry tears!
Forget your pain of this world and believe!


Feel the salvation of God ,
It's like a great sun that shines;
come back at home with me :
smile one more time and survive......


Tell me what do you think ?
Why your eyes are so grey?
Just tell me that your soul is still white,
'cause I wanna save you from this bad , black life!

Please leave your trouble behind ,
between the stars of the night
where the darkness are full of dry tears!
Forget your pain of this world and believe!


Feel the salvation of God ,
It's like a great sun that shines;
come back at home with me :
smile one more time and survive......The stars are burning
An endless sea of fire crushing
Crushing, Crushing, Crushing,
Turning all living into ashes

And the spiral of destruction
Will lead into the eternal center of the void
To the occult solar flames which are burning
Endlessly, Endlessly, Always burning

Microcosmos is ablaze
In the flames of the macrocosm
And the mirrors of the soul
Reflect those rays into the chalice

His flame in my heart
I burn, I burn, I burn
My outer structure collapses into nothingness
And the inner spirit finds the true fulfillment
In His everlasting flamesAt last, the seed of my yearning
Has reached the zenith, as the gateway unfolds
A black helix beckons from within
And with a final breath, I am engulfed
Formless, beyond there was nothing
Then sentience returned through swirling text

Psyche crumbled and ego was stripped
Shell cracked through and oozing id
The yolk of self turned to ash

Welcomed in silence
Bathed in absence
Ascending downwards
Towards rebirth

I tread the path of starlight
The ancestral temple looms beyond
Liberated from the trenches of human acquaintance
United in singularity
Grinding the remains of dead gods into pigment to paint the spirals of the void

At last, the seed of my yearning
Has reached the zenith, as the gateway unfolds
A black helix beckons from within
And with a final breath, I am engulfed
Formless, beyond there was nothing
Then sentience returned through swirling textPerverse sexual pleasure
You searched and found
Sick minded hate
To all living men
You love to be on the graveyard
It's your playground of inhuman lust
In the night bodies were exhumed
Torn from the graves and used to fuck
Undress the foul dead
Dissect their rotten bodies
Kiss the smelling flesh
Love the decayed ones
Raping the rotten
The vermin infested corpses
Orgasm of the foul
Dead body sodomy
Exhumed, dismembered, fisted, fucked
Dead body sodomy
Cold flesh into the living
A lifeless carcass, dead and rotten
This deed a cruel and perverse one
A crime that is soon forgotten
The head full of maggots
Is placed between your legs
Its pale and dead lips
Are rubbing on your clit
Raping the rotten
The vermin infested corpses
Orgasm of the foul
Dead body sodomy
Exhumed, dismembered, fisted, fucked
Dead body sodomy
Tear off the cock, gnaw off the skin
Suck out the blood, eat up the flesh
Stab in the eye, breathe in the gases
Dead body
Dead body sodomyI close my eyes outside in the rain
As the day draws to an end
In darkness death lurks silently
And fear crawls and caws behind me

I will wait for you by the fire
When you approach the glade
Together we'll watch the dance of the flames
That reminds us of old and precious tales

At dawn we will wander over the hills
When mist rises from the dale
With the gentle waft of the gale

The air smells like great forgotten times
When eagles reigned the empyreal sky

And wolves roamed through moonlit nights(Instrumental)A glaring light, an unnatural tremor
Suffocating heat, suffocating heat
A hell on earth, a hell on earth

Men, women and children groaning in agony
From the intolerable pain of their burns
A hell on earth, a hell on earth

A glaring light, an unnatural tremor
Suffocating heat, suffocating heat
A hell on earth, a hell on earth

Men, women and children groaning in agony
From the intolerable pain of their burns
A hell on earth, a hell on earth

Napalm tumbles from the sky
Cries of help, cries of pain
Cries of help, cries of pain

Skin looking like bloody hardened meat
Cries of help, cries of pain
Cries of help, cries of pain

Napalm tumbles from the sky
Cries of help, cries of pain
Cries of help, cries of pain

Skin looking like bloody hardened meat
Cries of help, cries of pain
Cries of help, cries of pain

Outro:
"At seven tenths of a millisecond after the explosion, and at a distance of 60 miles, the light from the fireball of a single megaton thermonuclear device is 30 times brighter than the midday sun. This little boy has received severe retinal burns from an explosion 27 miles away. The blast wave from a thermonuclear explosion has been likened to an enormous door slamming in the depths of hell"(Instrumental)Through the eyes of dead infants 
Lift the veil of forgotten dreams 
The Void is clothed in thorns 
Crowned and unblessed for eternity 
She governs the abyssal dominions 
Sowing the seeds of eternal Darkness 

Steel strings of divine inspiration 
Conceived beyond the dark aura of Saturnalia 
Rotting veins pummelled through with hate 
Stand tall and in disgust 
Receive the blessing of Fire 
Burn the grounds of their holy monuments 

Mystic clouds of the Kabbalah 
Channelling the Enochian word of the Demiurge 
Seers and prophets of the Apocalypse 
Forges faces of death in the sky 
Blacksmith chains to hold the Void 
Divine ignorance inherited down through the ages 

The Void, she speaks unto me 
She tends to the souls of the Fallen 
The flapping of Devil wings, the radiance of holy halos... 
I do not know; yet I shall drink heavily from her chalice 
The spirit of darkness emerges from her crown 
And puts out the dying embers in our eyesOh what a tragedy
spilling seeds of weakness in betrayal
if only in mind
the soul of men cry out in vain
perpetuation is lost
the days of everyday life has long since ceased
and in unwreckless defiance
therein lays the will of the one

All things have become pointless
all thoughts have turned away from meaning
For in this bitter hour of struggle
the meek defy and burn alive
All actions become useless
all duties left in contempt
and long is the hour
when the fall became imminent

My arms are tired from the weight of decention
and in the ways of flesh all things now pass

The lot of mine... only part of the play divine...

The mirror is turned on me
and only I know what I see
winged red glowing 
permiate the aura of one

mane astrum will fall
down to the black shepard
the black horde will cry
witness the fall of master

For the lot of the one
is the one to bring forth death
to the black adversary
and to free the world from grief

"All fly now"

Your false deity is the lie
your delusions are the making of a trajedy
your stupidity lies inside
your bitterness is your own fault, all made by you

I will find my way through paths of ill existance
I will learn the truths and I have fucking evolved
What rights have you earned?
placing nothing but blame on the heads
of those innately greater then you
thus is the true meaning of drone
that's why you fail
all fly
all fucking fly now

Your fucking false god has never been there 
deity of the make believe
and you wonder why you fall so perfectly?
you created your fate through perfect blasphemy

Your false deity is the lie
your delusions are the making of a trajedy
your stupidity lies inside
your bitterness is your own fault, all made by you
and now the price is yours to pay

"Cry for mercy, pray for deliverance"
We are the providers of your last hope
"deliver us sheep from iniquity"
abandon this foolishness
"dear lord our time is come"
welcome to the future which is near
"why, oh why?"
cry you fucks, become your truth, your weakness

For the lot of the one
is the one to bring forth death
to the black adversary
and to free the world from grief
the new savior scorned for being, yet asking for nothing

Fall to me
oh bringer of blackened misery
Fall to me bastard
horned pussy of failed deeds
Fall to me
destructer of worlds failing by my word
Fall to me 
cause of lifelong insanity, yet creator of new strength
Fall to me
by my ether sword it shall be
Fall to me
I end thee serpent, omega absolute

The end will end as it began
with but a wimper
and the host will know defeat
my presence mark the end complete
and the firmament will tremble
and the sky shall turn red
from the blood of the devil
slayed eternal on earthly groundGloomy life lights up
sails down in the underground
and going into hiding

Immortal soul rises again
shines upon the way
and goes ahead undisturbed

Drizzling rain breaks down
wets the lost path
spread the feeling

Black flames of hate
brings back the past
fights forever again

The Reich will rise again
it is written in blood

Quantum est Quod NescimusInto the dream world slowly I creep
into the land that I go when I sleep
This time I`m trapped and cannot return there are
certain things a mere mortal can learn
Wildest fantasy at first it feels good
slowly things happen not the way they should
You can control it and your ripped wide apart enter my
nightmare,it`s only just a start
Jump out of bed And you`re fully awake
feeling a tremor as the bed shakes
you realize it now and you muffle your scream you
awake in the hell we all know as "the dream"...PROLOGUE

A long time ago, in the land of Garigard,
where Dragons, Elves and horrible monsters
lived, a powerful army was prepared to confront
the Dark Lord and his demonic soldiers.
Many were the battles but the war didn't seem
to reach an end.
One night, after a victory, a few of knights
were together in a glade near the battlefield
resting themselves around a fire.
The eldest of the group began to speak to a young
boy who was initiated to the Sacred Code.
"My fellow, your master is teaching you the arts
of Steel and of fighting, but you have to know
that you'll be a real knight only when your heart
and your soul will as one with your sword.
Listen with care to the story I'm going to tell you
cause it'll show you the way you have to follow".

Once, when the evil one had spread his black
mantel bringing only death, famine, destruction,
all the dwellers of Garigard's land had lost all
hope of salvation and had bowed their heads
before the power of the Dark Lord, leaving all
their dreams for the future


My Dark Lord

Once, when the evil one had spread his black
mantel bringing only death, famine, destruction,
all the dwellers of Garigard's land had lost all
hope of salvation and had bowed their heads
before the power of the Dark Lord, leaving all
their dreams for the future

(Chorus)
Listen my Dark Lord my time is come
my sword and my life belong to you
I have not fear of dying...My destiny
my blood will flow into the brave-hearts

Only pain I can feel in the northern wind
the flames are burning higher
than the flashed sky
the landscape is turned into ash : weep!
My king from the fired storm
I hear your sharp cry

(bridge)
Stream of blood loaded by the red rain
invade my land full of pain
the wind still blows screams of sorrow
the fire won't forgive even tomorrow

The moon is covered by the demon's smoke
waiting for the sun that can clear the fears
my heart is suffering with anger by the stroke
warm, famine, death fill my soul of tears

(bridge) & (chorus)

My people runs away like the time in my life
there's no tomorrow for my unknown future
I hold the steel of my sword ready for the fight
I'll feel the whiff of the beast : the creature

(bridge) & (chorus) x 2(Instrumental)Decayed raped fallen to ruins the world
Mouldering forsaken by greed purgatory humanity

Agony awaits the world
Nuclear force will bring salvation
Harvest the breeding youth
Hide them from the truth

Blind to freedom blind by fear
Chemic soldiers infernal eternal youth

Agony awaits the world
Nuclear force will bring salvation
Against the circle of time
No one can prevail
solo
Moribund helpless deceased spawned
Betrayal to ourselves suicide!!!All honor
All glory
All power to you 
Holy father we worship you
precious Jesus our savior
Holy spirit we wait on you
Holy spirit we wait on you
Holy spirit we wait on you
For fireThe mountains chime a vast, relentless rhyme.
The majesty, the regency prevails the everlasting rivalry.
Crowned by the haze of history, a ferocious tore, a regaining core.
Ordained by the weight of gravity, echoes through the halls of lore.

Echoes through the halls of lore.
Crowned by the haze of history.

The monumental fortress of primal grace.
Shimmers beyond the horizon astray.
Vast and wondrous, cast of the glorious.
Harmony, diversity, adversary.

The cycle of all, the rise and fall.
Exuberance in waste, depravity.
Excellence in barren nobility.
The lore of monumental regency.

The rhymes of the mountain.

The cycle of all, the rise and fall.
Exuberance in waste, depravity.
Excellence in barren nobility.
The lore of monumental regency.

The rhymes of the mountain.
The rhymes of the mountain.

Vast and wondrous, cast of the glorious.
Harmony, diversity, adversary.

Vast and wondrous, cast of the glorious.
Harmony, diversity, adversary.

Ordained by the weight of gravity.
Echoes through the halls of lore.
The monumental fortress of primal grace.
Shimmers beyond the horizon astray.

The cycle of all, the rise and fall.
Exuberance in waste, depravity.
Excellence in barren nobility.
The lore of monumental regency.

The rhymes of the mountain.Hordes rise from Hell's Abyss
And glorious Evil strikes the skies
The burning casualties on flame
Are all what matters for Hell's pride

The battlefield is your realm
And Honour defeats all filth
Commanding Hordes with taste for Pain
Proudly I gather the remains

Now, weak embrace the Fear
All evil forces will arise, god's end is near
I shall do now what is right
Mighty Word of Satan, obey!

I am next to Satan
I shall be Thy command
I am next to Evil
Grant me powers for your will

Next to Satan

I am next to Satan
A shall be Thy command
I am next to Evil
Grant me powers for the kill

Next to Satan

Master's orders may deceive
The ones condemned to Pain
For I have Satan's trust
With my bare hands I shall slain

Forgotten Demons now revealed
Dark Legions with taste for War
Commanding proudly I enslave
The weak race in my domain

Die, you deserve the Pain of my misdeeds
I shall bring you Death in Satan's name
Casualties of War, with War we fight
Mighty Word Of Satan, obey!Talk and talk, talk your stupid shit
Shut your hole and blow your forty bit
The mindless crap that makes our days
Wish to Christ for life's better way

The act of living, such a comedic dream

If I could care or not to fight
If life was black and white
Within the shades of gray
I've lost my right to say
I said no wayA Fucking beast reigns within us
It's not ourselves the ones who speak
For we heard "the voices" so many nights
Telling us of the wisest truths
Half Asleep? Dead? Or Dreaming?
No fucking matter at all!!!
Just we have realized:
We Are Seduced By The Evil One

Possessed by the Evil One

We've been darkened by Him
The master supreme
Under his shadow we feel protected
By all mundan scum
And so we did realize
That we chose our side
Just we have realized
That We Are Seduced By The Evil One

Possessed by the Evil One

And the mind descended into Hell
Not in pain but quiet and calm
Open to the Unknown
Seduced by the Evil One

Night of the Goat
Goat that we worship
Shall this night be marked
by our baptism by fire
Poison for the Holy
Absinth for the fools
Now we have realized:
We Are Seduced By The Evil One(Instrumental)The shrine is ready for the first blood to be spilled, 
as it's accustomed after a great triumph. 
The leader owes his graditude to the gods, 
for giving him prowess and fortitude during the war. 

The offering is ready to commence, 
the ritual cloak is woren by the sacrificer. 
The blade is sharpened and placed in his hand, 
the blood flows when the lamb is butchered. 

Now the immolation is complete, 
and the soul of the sacrificed ascends to the skies. 
Unbearable pains and burning run throught the demigods' body,
as the poisoned mantle becomes one with his flesh. 

He pulls it off with all his strenght, 
and his skin is ripped off violently from his flesh. 
All that he wishes is the ending of his life, 
so he falls in the flames to end his suffering. 

Finally you are free, 
rise to the heavens. 
Olympus awaits you, 
so take your place amongst the gods.Crazy is all around me
Raging to be free
The chaos that surrounds me
Lust insanity
All is in disorder pandemonium
More than just a killer
With a machine gun

Watch my presentation
Mad domination
So fuckin' sick like a loonatic
Officially insane playing my game
Psychopathetic brain
Feel no pain nothing to gain
What a prick

Total loss of control
I care about none
Nothing and noone can't stop my run
Killing all women
Deceiving all guys
Compared to me Mr.Manson was nice

Psychofficial - stay away go insane
Psychofficial - I freak out let it out

But when the night falls
It's time to transform
A metamorphosis a saint is born
The man who dazzled the crowd by his craze
Glides in his pool with a smile in his faceI walk amongst the gardens of sympathy
Where even flowers die from my touch
All my hopes and dreams lay dead
Beyond the grasp of the real me

The pain of living is deeper than any joy
Death precludes any hope of a tomorrow
The certainty of forever is almost like always
Memories will be pleasant when I die

Cast adrift, separated from what I loathe
Amongst these vast oceans alone
My tear-streaked face embraced by my frigid hands
I unwillingly return my gaze to my reflection
I stare at myself searching for what I know is not there
I feel helpless, lost in desolution - help me

The rain that falls are the tears from my eyes
I bleed, I scream from the thorns ripping me apart
I'm choking, I'm nothing, grief suffocates my soulLost inside my thoughts and always feeling alone
Lost inside my heart and always feeling so dark
Lost inside You why are you so cruel

You wanted me something I can not be
You wanted me something I can not live
You had my heart turn in to dark
You had my heart turn in to black

I give you my all and always feeling alone
Unbroken moments moments left their scars
For the rest of my life this load upon my back
Lost inside my thoughts why am I alone
Lost inside my heart  why am I in the darkinside i'm spilling over 
it fills my eyes with the filth that you spit 
the never-ceasing voices 
black sweat is slick upon my face 

the judgement is sickening 
it never ends 
it baits me to rage, the childish games you play 

du bist innerlich schwarz 
black, svart, empty 
du bist innerlich tot 
rotting, putrid, fetid 

as sick as i am 
you colour me with light 
as sick as i am 
you make me feel like fire 

in the coldness of the darkest night 
i lay under the stars and dream of death's embrace 

it pulls me under the current 
my lungs quickly filling with water 

like that it all fades away 
fades to greyThe principles  of  the nature 
Firm shapes of consistency
A treasury concealed  in time
Inevitable ,invincible , an axiom 

Diversity crafted by evolution
Yet the path of the future is carved in rock
As the horizontal  horizon 
As the vertical steeps of summits 

The master and the apprentice 
Forgotten moments in history
Mankind wanders ,mountains stand still
The master and the  slave
A congregation that never deceives 
Mankind dies,havoc never stills

Fire oppose water
Water oppose fire
Earth oppose air
Air oppose earth

The way of the world 
The route of existence 
Worldwide - mankind's resistance

The way of the world 
The route of existence 
Worldwide - nature's persistence 

Fire oppose water
Water oppose fire

The master and the apprentice 
Forgotten moments in history
Mankind wanders ,mountains stand still
The master and the  slave
A congregation that never deceives 
Mankind dies,havoc never stills

Diversity tamed by devolution
With delusion comes confusion
Where the crossroad never crosses
The path circles for all eternityBurn with the fire that glows every night
Fed by the violence of all metal hearts
Ride with the devil forged on steel
With the black infernal flame that burns with greed
The heat is increasing as fast as the speed
Hell's winds blow with fury as they push out the dying light
Satan's jaws are open wide
-Nocturnal ride-
A ball of fire spited from the heart of tenebra crosses defiant the black sky
A horde of demons slay all that's alive
Swipping the purity and the beauty of light
A living winter dominates the land were the fires of hell cross the night
-Nocturnal ride-
Screams of evel are heard all around yelling with fury with a broken voice
Evil will arise...metal never diesNow,
The time is right
To take my father's throne
And inherit all his might

I shall rule the empire
And take what is rightfully mine
I shall crush the kingdom
Casting down the order

You are the one
Who will be cast out!
You shall never rule the Empire
And you shall pay for your betrayal
By banishment never to return!

I will have my vengeance
I shall flood his lands with a barbaric plague
Torturing the stronghold of his wealth
His priests already dead,
his women already violated

The kingdom shall fall
As I command the raging from across
The emporium shall pay for his mistakes

I'll bring you down
You shall bow down to me
I'll take your crown
An emperor to be

From this day for
No mercy shall I know
To your demise
The legions will possess your soul!Looking back in dreams of darkness
Through the corners of my wicked mind
Something there is dying to tell me
Evil ways, hell is to pay

When you stop to look in the future
When you try to get in the past
Unknown forces will one day raise you
Either way hell wants you to pay

Hey, hey it's coming your way, dare you to spit on my grave
Hey, hey, hell is to pay, dare you to spit on my grave

I will take your sweet dreams with me
Your nightmares will come true
And when you find the keys to madness
I will pray for you

Dare you to spit on my grave

I will hear you scream for mercy
When you shout in the night
But if you whisper for my protection
It will please me just fine

Dare to spit on my grave
And you better bewareI'm a victim of destiny 
Betrayed, deceived, I'm just another fool 
Don't fear your enemies, beware of your 
friends 
Blinded by faith the curtain falls 
 
Poison through Hamlet's veins 
Blood drops on the cold floor 
Hate and power are moving the world 
Now it's time for my revenge 
 
I'm gonna meet you in hell 
I'll see you suffer in pain 
You cannot stop me my friend 
I'm gonna kill you again, in hell 
Your blood and your desire 
will be cast in the fire 
tonight they will burn 
 
Time, it's just a matter of time 
Death is patient, you have nowhere to run 
Second by second your doomsday draws 
near 
Baleful but there's no place to hide 
 
What have you done, MacBeth 
the crown lies on the cold stone 
Your ambition's a murderous price 
I can't wait to hear your cries 
 
I'm gonna meet you in hell 
I'll see you suffer in pain 
You cannot stop me my friend 
I'm gonna kill you again, in hell 
Your blood and your desire 
will be cast in the fire 
tonight they will burn 
 
Ride, ride on the wings of death 
Madness would be a blessing 
Your soul will not rest anymore 
at last it's time for my revenge 
 
I'm gonna meet you in hell 
I'll see you suffer in pain 
You cannot stop me my friend 
I'm gonna kill you again, in hell 
Your blood and your desire 
will be cast in the fire 
tonight they will burnAll is uncertain even to the happy one
Action is what defeats reason
Everything is valid for the winner
Passions sharpen smartness

With your veins
In the skies
Seeing claims
Dancing lies
On the flames
Mortal flies

Fright can be seen in the face
Evil opposes another evil
Love extinguishes another love
Appearance is what hurts

In this land of dreamers
Time forgets reality
In this field of soldiers
Grief puts out sincerity
In this net of sinners
Wisdom shows the tyranny

Virtue doesn't fear abundance
Justice doesn't suffer from injustice
Kismet goes ahead without compassion
It's necessary to learn to die


Based on selected essays by SenecaEmpty essences conquered world
Meaning themselves powerful gods
But they don't have pure fire inside
Smashing and suffering waiting for them

Your pityful essence is weak
You are doomed, you are overthrown
Drown in the deepest layer of Hell
Prepare to be decomposed

You'll get all what you deserve
Fora ll your misery deeds
Which you have done in your life
Nothing is left unpunished and forgotten...

Desperate scream for help
But nobody hears you at all
Your lungs are totally filled
With boiling oil and ash
You suffer how never before
The soul is smashing to parts
Nothing to do, cannot resist
The hope has die din your heart

You have been buried
In the deepest layer of Hell
Suffer your last moments
Your existence is broken forever
Forever...Algol, to Thee I sing my song
Oh star of Evil and obscene light,
Perpetual in your seductive nothingness
Grant me thy power, grant me thy all-devouring might...

For I am a feeble human soul
Itching for the planetary rule
To become one with the Elements...
To hover above the Cosmic seas eternally...

From the depths of my darkest nightmares
Reincarnated, I rise again...
Conceiving the glorious future awaiting me
Far beyond the limits of earthly fancies

Within the dominions enslaved by torment
Thousand human cries sound so sweet...
Their tears run dry
Crimson limbs, crowned with suffering
Enthroned through embalmment...

Pale forespoken skies turn black again and forever
Sunset is near, nightfall comes - my desired destiny
Silhouettes clothed in twilight crawl into my burial dream
Rulers of the visionary land, they endow me with their ecstasy
I wither and behold the clouded landscapes grow dim...

Lost is my visual form, forgotten is my former life
Now I'm at one with mists of eternity...Conceived in Abyssal Regions
Enormous bestial figures populate the landscape
Breeding in pitch darkness
Genus endemic to the catacombs of the underworld
utterly void of sensation
asexual process of autoreplication
spawns voracious organisms of heterogeneous forms
isogenic edentulous creatures secrete
gaseous exotoxins, vaporizing and absorbing
through glandular osmosis
sustaining a sinuous structure beyond evolutionary perfection
roaming as gaunt shadows
osteoids develop mimetic ambient configurations
concealed amongst the cavernous substructure
feeding in throngs
variants subsist on discarded remnants of
the seldom edible waste of demonic skin
primeval phantoms of the nether world feast upon
rougue underlings, those of little command
unrivaled by lesser abominations
nevertheless, the darkening engergy looms
forshadowing numerous broods
still, many shall hence forth remain unvanquished(Instrumental)Alone...

Thrown away like garbage.
Stripped of joy, of love.
I lay naked in the cold
I have pulled my heart out
And gave it to you
But you have made it bleed.
Now all that is left are open wounds
That will never heal.

Trust betrayed...
Hope extinguished...
Dreams eradicated...

Love turned into hate.
Tears falling down 
When remembering
Of what we once had.

Life has no meaning any more.
Cold...
Depressed...
Alone...
Betrayed...
Disgusted by the human race,
I spit on you all!

Fuck this life!!!(Instrumental)(Instrumental)I am the eternal darkness
Welcome me and close your eyes
I am the cold embrace
That holds you when you die
I am the fear inside
While you suffer in agony
I am the emptiness
That will surround you soon

I am the one who grins and dances on your graves
While tears are feeding the dry soil
I am the one who bears a million faces
Which one is reserved for you?

I am the salvation
Taking all your pain away
I am the bringer of peace
The last reward for a senseless life
I am the eternal father
For all forgotten souls
I am the last exit
When everything is ruined

I am the end

So don't you try to get away
I'm walking always by your side
I am your shadow your destiny
The keeper of your dying light

I was born of ashes and fire
A soulless creature without remorse
I am the end of every road
The last thing you will see
I was
I am
Will be
ForeverOur kingdom crushed 
For this last time 
Only ashes what I found 
Empty hearts inside 
How can I save me? 

Look at me now is this alright 
All is lost can you retry 
Empty words with no meaning 
You built your wall I am outside 

I can t get close to you 
And my hope is leaving me 

Dead inside dead outside 
Pale faces of despair 
Life I can t find 
Live by your side 
Die by your hands 
Life I can t findOUT IN THE CITY
THIS DARK LONELY CITY
VISIONS OF HOME
ALL ALONE
WANDERING WITHIN
THIS LOST PLACE I'M IN
LOOKING FOR YOU
HOW CAN THIS BE TRUE

MEMORIES FADING
FARTHER AND FARTHER
OH HOW MUCH FARTHER
CAN THIS GO ON
THE HURTS GROWING DEEPER
MY MIND'S GROWING WEAKER
I AM THE LOST ONE
WHAT HAVE I DONE
WHAT HAVE I DONE

UNDER THE STARLIGHT
I'M DRIVEN TO TAKE FLIGHT
SEEING YOUR FACE
THERE'S NO TRACE
DARK TEMPTS OF DESCENT
FOREVER IN TORMENT
SOMEONE WAKE ME
I'M TRAPPED IN THIS DREAM

SEARCHING AND SEARCHING
OH HOW I'M SEARCHING
TO FIND MY WAY BACK
TO SEE YOU AGAIN
IF YOU'D ONLY SEE
WE BOTH CAN BE FREE
THEN WE COULD FLY
EVER SO HIGH EVER SO HIGH

AND MY SAD WINGS FLY TO THE SEA
AND I KNOW THAT WE BOTH CAN BE FREE
AND MY SAD WINOS FLY TO THE SEA
AND I KNOW THAT WE ALL CAN BE FREE
WE ALL CAN BE FREE

OUT IN THE CITY
THIS DARK LONELY CITY
VISIONS OF HOME
ALL ALONE
WANDERING WITHIN
THIS LOST PLACE I'M IN
LOOKING FOR YOU
HOW CAN THIS BE TRUE

SEARCHING AND SEARCHING
OH HOW I'M SEARCHING
TO FIND MY WAY BACK
TO SEE YOU AGAIN
IF YOU'D ONLY SEE
WE BOTH CAN BE FREE
THEN WE COULD FLY
EVER SO HIGH - EVER SO HIGH

AND MY SAD WINGS FLY TO THE SEA
AND I KNOW THAT WE BOTH CAN BE FREE
AND MY SAD WINGS FLY TO THE SEA
AND I KNOW - OH I KNOW - WE ALL CAN BE FREE

AND MY SAD WINGS FLY TO THE SEA
AND I KNOW THAT WE BOTH CAN BE FREE
AND MY SAD WINGS FLY TO THE SEA
AND I KNOW THAT WE ALL CAN BE FREE

SET ME FREE - SET ME FREE
SET ME FREE - SET ME FREEObsessed by moon's bright gleam
bearer of lycantrhropic spell
gruesome, cold and majestic
forred to leave his human shell

In forests, deep and hidden
embraced by cruel coldness
inviking sinister reality
as he takes away your breath

Hunting at night

Cruel bitternes is in his heart
damned to walk at night
forever, he hunts alone
wanderer of twilight

Breed of immortality
spawn of the shadowside
following fullmoons call
no mercy left inside

Hunting at night

Fiery rage burning in his eyes
craving for blood and flesh
a nightmare to the mortals
helpless screams of death

Unleashed the wolf inside
beast of prey within
werewolf, ruler of the night
descendand of ancient kin

Hunting at nightin unremembered dreams tonight 
the reflecting silver light 
on the waters oh so cold and calm 
drink the lake of tears in which you drown 

open the gates to eternity in silence 
to vast dimensions where aeons are a second 
this abandoned cold throne of needles 
your forever last terrestrial home 

but even when destroyed 
your soul will be forever bound 
by the dark and evil spirits 
created by your own fears 

so slit your throat and cut your wrists 
carve my name deep into your skin 
paint me with your blood 
and kiss me with your pale lips 
before you drift awayHear unto my voice this prophetic sound
Retreat into sacred solitude
Symbols and signs bear fruit to the wind
Horizons yield seething towers of hate
Insular strength- Invincible
Pay homage to the coming fall

I am the bringer of fire to the people
A sacred entity against mass
Journey the ways that soon be followed
The rebel titan Prometheus
Plunging into distant fears
Incandescent and alone

Crowning myself with bloodied hands
Standing out amongst the fallen
In defiance I shout a caustic cry
Invoke invisible power invincible

The star shattered dawn
The beholden spirit of destiny
I am he...

One is strength and one is wisdom
One thwarts the bleak collapsing fall
One attains the gifts of reason
Empowered with the bitter truth
Through suffering perseverance to the end
One strength emerges frozen in steel

Dark brooding ways come close at hand
Bearing the light of a new day
Tribulate occupy the decayed thrones
As sweet as fire
Glorious dawn upon the plateau of might
Now burns

Straining laughter forth from my mouth
A peal of chimes crowning death
I will bear the children of the world
Carry the wise on the shoulders of fools
Spite and spit guide sight to the rest
Who in the distance wither and die

Bolts of fear (of pain, of disease)
Father struggle awaits in ambush
Winds buffet with no known recourse
A challenge in glory and force...

Back to Plateau of Invincibitycolumn battered warriors marched dejected through the night 
Dismayed by highest treachery returning from the fight 
Their broken eyes reflect a darkening freezing moon 
Its deathlike glance out from the past is weakened, dull and vague 

Once these anti-christian war elites scourged the white clan 
Indomitable, furious and raging in this war 
The great black emperors they obeyed now no longer reign 
All is left are memories of supreme dark warriors slain 

Forces of evil relapse into Unholyness 
Tyrants liberate the wrath remaining in your (mouldered) chests 
Forlorn warriors of the unlight rejoin the abomination 
(To fullfill the) christreign annihilation 

Destroy! 
Liquidate, exterminate, eradicate the reign of christ 
Terminate, eliminate, asphyxiate his priests of light 
Liquidate, exterminate, eradicate the reign of christ 
Christreign Annihilation 

The advance through the spheres of light 
Made the black legions grow 
And thus settled weak followers amongst our bravest hordes 
They joined this blasphemic war out for reaping fame 
Their betrayal and cowardice weakened the black flame 

It is the end of the black era we see 
Icy winds harass the torch we shield 
But as long as it is smouldering our black hordes will fight 
For our true warriorhearts will never acquience in supremacy of light 

Unite black metal cult elites 
Kill the traitors that retreat 
We will learn them that rather than the price it costs 
It is the blood clinging on that values the sword 

Forces of evil relapse into Unholyness 
Tyrants liberate the wrath remaining in your (mouldered) chests 
Forlorn warriors of the unlight rejoin the abomination 
(To fullfill the) christreign annihilationThe Ocean is calm as I watch the sunset
Seems it's a picture perfect world
I have no worries that I know about
Nothing should clouden my mind 

I tried to keep my head high
It's not too late for me
Why do I feel this sadness
burning deep inside of me

I look into my glass and stir the drink
It's supposed to be sweet, all I feel is bitterness
My friends are laughing around me
But I cannot feel their joy

The tragic shadow that haunts me
is not repulsed by joy
The restlessness within me
has gone out of control

The fire in my soul cannot die
Without it I wouldn't search for life
Alive with empty mind, searching when I'm blind
I must create or I will not find

I tried to keep my head high
It's not too late for me
Why do I feel this sadness
burning deep inside of me

How am I supposed to act
How can I feed my demon
How can I satisfy
the fire in my soul

I will search for life
deep inside my soul
I sense the taste from drops of water
from springs of sources unknown

I have seen the signs and 
I would die for what I know
Dead eyes watching me from beyond,
whispering from below

Thrice I challenged, thrice I conquered
mysteries within me
I have gone this far to question
my mortality

Programmed by DNA
or shaped by our surroundings
Life's schedule already drawn
by the twisted hands of fate

Still water runs deep
Unveil the secrets of my ancestors

Still water runs deep
Unveil the secrets of my existenceLight
We march to war
To kill
And die in blood and gore
Through many lands we go
Nobody knows
If we will make it back home

Chorus:
The demons have come
Hellfire spreads earth
Swords will collide
Bodies will rot in the dirt

We fight
Monsters and men
Corpses with souls of demons
Inside of them
Mercy can't be shown
They look like our brothers
But their bodies are not their own

(Chorus)

Dark forces
Fighting for Satan
The amulet
He used it to create them
Shells of men
That feel no pain
Shields will splinter
Blood will rain

The battle for
Humanity begins
Many will die
Before we can win
Destroy the amulet
Free the enslaved
In its destruction
Man will be saved!Prophesied, faulted to the end
advancements discord
the wicked will fall
Scattered remains slewing the earth
conceiving this new terrain
 
The aftermath of a new world order
submission induced, commanded by fear
A world left to the hands of greed
turning point reached the balance was lost
 
A Virus has come
created by the gods
A virus to the earth
their own antidote
 
In the absence of man
Placed shadows across the land
In the absence of man
Our mother can breathe again
 
Cleansing has come to rid the world of it's disease
Paving the way for the rightful kind
Brilliance of the fourth it's your time to rise
Prepare to the rightful heir to the throne
A reign of mystery and wonder
Brilliance of the fourth it's your time to rise(Instrumental)Is Silence a sign or is it only an end?
Life is blood and same is suffering,
blood is the tear that lacerates my face.
Soul moans pierced through by life,
soul screams pierced through by death

Are those tears?
Is that blood?
Are the tears blood of my soul?

Broken by indifference, crushed by pain, 
my soul bleeds alone and outstretched
Are the tears
blood of my soul?
The face of sorrow,
of disappeared face

A woman shouts because she has lost her seed,
her soul was cross, her glance was bloody

Why?

Are those tears?
Is that blood?
Are the tears blood of my soul?Black Mouth Inviting 
Cold Skin Starkly White 

Pierced Flesh Decorations 
Completion Illusion of Life 
Trailing Your Innocence On The Water 
Gathering Predators 

Fight Me 
Give Me A Memory 
Bite Me 
Kiss Me With Violence 

Virgin and Whore 
Slave and Master 
Fuck By The Numbers 
In Lifeless Passion 

Pierced Flesh Decorations 
Completion Illusion of Life 
Trailing Your Innocence On The Water 
Gathering Predators 

Fight Me 
Give Me A Memory 
Bite Me 
Kiss Me With Violence 

It's Over For You 
At This Point No Return 
In Your Gothic Masquerade of Affection 
You Have Summoned 
Your End 

Bury My Teeth In Your Neck 
Drain The Blood Rip The Flesh 

Bind Your Wrists With My Fists 
You Will Cease To ResistDo you know why our lives have grown cold
Maybe time had drawn us apart
And maybe we've been drifting apart
You're my whole world
But you've been on your way for a long time now girl

Would you kill the pain, just kill the pain
Make it beautiful again
Praise the earth that give us life
So kill the pain, just kill the pain
We could have it all again
Kiss the sun the stars the skies

Do you know if our love has burned out
What if we're afraid to let go
And what if, some dreams never let go
You're all to me
But you've been on your way for a long time babyYou're walkin' down the street
Mindin' noones business
You're tired and you're beat
But  you get along

You can't shake off that feelin'
Get nowhere thou' you run
The wheelin' and the dealin'

(Chorus:)

Whats the matter?
Go and get things done!
Take it to the top! Don't stop, get it up
Never say you've hade enough
Take it to the top! Don't stop, get it up
Even if the nights are tough
Take it to the top! Don't stop, get it up
Never say you've had enough
Take it to the top!
Get it up now honey!!

The rain keeps fallin' down
And a cold winds blowin'
You look around and frown
But you get along
Go hang up all your troubles
Don't go hang up yourself
Come on go brust the bubble
Go have some fun!

(Chorus)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Bestial satanic summoning - ritual killing of the gods
Bastard crucifixion ,Christhammer ,sacrifice
Christening with fire ,procreation of the blind
Orchestral execution - hell proscribes now heaven

Eyes are stitched by absolute hatred & wrath
Total lust for libidonous retaliation - WAR
Inquisition - Torquemada burned
Pandemonic invocation - necrophile antilove

I am watching you die in anguish
I don t know repentance or peace
Entreat me but I won t forgive -
While I see you hung & bleeding

Christhunt with demonic bloodhounds
Jehova force fucked with the crown of thorns
Neither mercy nor fright - total annihilation
The one who doesn t fear death does not fear anything
Running amuck - a diabolical overkill

I am watching you die in anguish
I don t know repentance or peace
Entreat me but I won t forgive -
While I see you hung & bleeding

WAR! WAR! WAR! WAR is bringing the kill

- CREMATION -
That is the sound of total annihilation and humiliation raised upon
a corrupt system that veils the failure of it s decadent deity.
The exploitation of the honest will be inverted to the extermination
of the ungraceful. They will fall.Spreanding all over the world
To separate men from God
A cancer destroying mankind
Dead religion - Merciless!
Separated from God / searching salvation
Under the rules that enslave / spears of lie
Mutilating your mind
Mortal formality / apparent holiness
The rotten religion wants to torture your soul
Ferocious wolves, mercenary and thieves, sources of religion
Perverting the gospel of Christ
Even if we or an angel from heaven should Preach another
Gospel, let him be condemned
" I am the Way, I am the Truth and I am the Life"
Jesus the good shepherd
No one goes to the father except through him
The gate for the sheep
The truth that set you free.The dark has forsaken my eyes.
As my lord, the antichrist appears.
For the indirect taste of blood, is luring under darkness hood....
Oh, titan of all malformed souls.
For you stand with thy death in your hands.
Then be your own god, of darkness murder, oh rise in the chaos of the divided lies...
Shine on! The antichrist appears!
And cleans us from lies...
Rise, conquer, follow... The black path!
Prepare yourself for your final test... life!
Return and destroy, condemn and confess!
Rise among thy infernal blessings...
Follow the black path!!!With a slimy material
overloades incubators
few days survive
no more future
kids without hands
degenerated generations
product of chemical disaster
mental blindness
price of the evolution
commercial society
extracts from brain
open abdomens
terrible pain
becoming exhumed
brutality
pungent stench around
medical treatment was done
proud for the results
slowly we die
from the puluction
beginning of the end of us
under control
infections
mass graves
lost cemeteries
inside the cold meat box
feeling he art of exhumed
immortal life and hatred
of all.(Instrumental)The grim force set sail into a world of magic.
Where wastelands were blue-soaked, in the capes of the mountains.

With a hunger as great
As the most ancient of daggers.
Six were the days
To be ended on the seventh night.

As it stepped into the shadowland grass began to grow.
A storm blew with a bliss - accomplishing the serpent's kiss.

With a hunger as great
As the most ancient of daggers.
Six were the days
To be ended on the seventh night.

With blood like the noblest of red.
And with a purpose yet unknown to any dimension,
Set her eyes on fire for ultimate visions to discover.
Her lips touched the ground and became Death and his bride.

The grim force set sail into a world of magic.
Where wastelands were blue-soaked, in the capes of the mountains.Asen:
War'n deine Augen auch Lichtes Feind
Hilf uns eh Unheil sich gegen uns vereint
in einzig Wesen, das nicht Trauer zeigt
Und Balder muss bleiben in Hellias Reich(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Memories of a young girl, now gone beyond the dreams
Reminding me of how short our time is
In our tears lies the trace of this sad tragedy
But the memories remain forever to be
I open my eyes only to see the sadness lie
She has fallen hard, but now been picked up to shine
Innocent, full of life, in our minds she will live
On secure hands she rests safe
In our tears lies the trace of this sad tragedy
But the memories remain forever to be
Why...
Tell my why...The Blackstream flow in the valley of death where's no the sun
Between Sand,blood and skulls
Flow the blackstream

From The Mighty throne of evil
The stream flow to us
our thirsty is evil 
and we drink from it

Unmercyful screams come from our throats..
The Time is come,
the time for the Waaaaaar..

Destroy the enemy
no mercy for them
we want their blood
we want to win!!Water gives a sigh

My hair seems to be seized by the wind
But I must continue this trip never looking back

Whirl absorbed, water gives a sigh
Through's are reserved, water is darkening

Gray blow is my home
Nice weather was, is and will be today
Now I'll transpire, gray blow is my home
Still I am doomed to be in this walls of myself
They prevent my words
I fell in love with myselfLearn and Memorare! 
My doubtfull child born of cosmic shame 
We are the pulsating heart of our Father 
dehumanized by His fury, made eternally hungry 
under endless subjugation 
we stand as the traitors of life... 

He slays all nature, mothers and offspring 
if you have seen what we have made 
you've got the answer, clear 

There's no turning back from failing 
no time for doubts or afterthoughts 
just keep it burning, sow His Seeds! 

Feed the Flame with cilice and lust 
abuse till you drop, near Death, no regrets 
misfortune to the Death, all guaranteed, to the Death!!! 
believers of rot, to the Death, to the Death 
and those who have doubts? Soon they shall leave... 
and those who have doubts? Soon they shall believe! 

You'll see them running and hiding like hares 
here is no place for infamia christi! 

Lucifero Adonai! 
sedes sapientiae 
stella matutina 
exaudi vocem meam 
fiat aures tuae intendentes 
in vocem deprecationis meaeMy tongue - your flesh 
 It tastes like death 
 Razor at wrist 
 A silent, hollow kiss 
 I am caged; locked away 
 Night is the same as day 
 I seethe - I tear 
 Call out but no-one's there 

 In my isolation - hollow 
 It's been years since I saw my face 
 Long forgotten, this asylum 
 Alone I haunt this cursed place 

 Insane - blood lust 
 Fueled by disgust 
 I hide - I hate 
 Hemmed in by iron gates 
 Freedom denied 
 My tears run dry 
 I must escape 
 I cannot accept my fate 

 In my isolation - hollow 
 It's been years since I saw my face 
 Alone I haunt this dead asylum 
 Condemned along with this cursed place 

 Straitjacket 
 The binds of madness 
 Straitjacket 
 FreakI remember busy mornings
Work, wife and kids in school
It could be so hectic
And yet so wonderful

So much effort was spent
Going through the motions of life

Buried in such focus
It's hard to enjoy the ride
All too soon you realize
You'll never get it back

We were building a castle
On the shore, in the sand
Always knowing that lapping waves
Would never let it stand

So much effort was spent
Going through the motions of life

Buried in such focus
It's hard to enjoy the ride
All too soon you realize
You'll never ever never get it back

I have few regrets
Despite the tears in my eyes
I'll learn to live with it
It's just part of lifeA black gate 
Guarded by gaunt figures 
Opening unto a bridge 

Leading to 
A courtyard ablaze 

A dead god 
Lying in the center 
Of the burning vestige 

Revealing to us 
A dread pathway 

Into a realm of bestial savagery 
We cross the infernal threshold 
To pledge ourselves in malefic service 
We are now legion and manifoldChapter 6

1. The blood of my face
Is my makeup of war

2. My lord commands me to kill
Until I fucking die

3. Dead flesh in my hands
Means the life they have lost "in nomine Satan"

4. I will kill you without remorse...

5. I will kill you without remorse

6. Massive mutilation is my trust

7. People begging for their life is my music!(Instrumental)In You, I Have Taken Refuge
Never Let Me Be Put To Shame
As You Are Righteous Rescue Me And Save My Life
Hear Me And Set Me Free
Be A Rock Of Refuge For Me,
Where I May Ever Find Safety At Your Call
For You Are My Towering Crag And Stronghold
O Lord , Keep My Life Safe From The Wicked

You Are My Hope, O Lord, My Trust, O Lord, Since Boyhood
From Birth I Have Leaned Upon You
My Protector Since I Left My Mother's Womb

Let All My Traducers Be Shamed And Dishonored
Let All Who Seek My Hurt Be Covered With Scorn
But I Will Wait In Continual Hope
I Will Praise You Again And Again
All Day Long Your Righteousness, Your Saving Acts,
Shall Be Upon My Lips
You Shall Ever Be The Theme Of My Praise
Your Righteousness, Yours Alone

You Are My Hope, O Lord, My Trust, O Lord, Since Boyhood
From Birth I Have Leaned Upon You
My Protector Since I Left My Mother's Womb

For You Have Done Great Things
Who Is Like You?Unperceived by the host 
Ecosystem affluent, perforate 
Dead, decaying, organic 
Embryonic fluid, Festers 
Beneath the skin 

Burrowing, flesh cavity 
Pathobiont Deformity 

Subsidiary tissue, the local infection has spread 
Impregnating cells, Manipulation apex is reached 
Larva, spawn, metamorphosis 
Colonizing to the fibers 

Subsidiary tissue, the local infection has spread 
Impregnating cells, Manipulation apex is reached 
Domicile, terrain, squandered 
Coagulation atrophy 

Subsidiary tissue, the local infection has spread 
Impregnating cells, Manipulation Reached 
Pathobiont Deformity 

Global control, attacking and secreting 
Surface rotting, infection dwells submerged 

Depravity near the end 
Incubation exhausted, secretion 
Flowing, rotten, flesh 
Pungent stale aroma, Precedes 
Untimely death 

Coalescing ends abruptly 
Pathobiont Deformity 

Host is left a rotting shell 
Nesting propagation 
Continuing the flow once more 
To future generations(Instrumental)Awaken the centuries to this time 
Reign of terror to begin from now 
Satan emerges from a sea of blood 
Slaying mortals will quench his thirst 

People of the blackened kingdom 
Look to the sky and their fate they curse 
The end of all they believed in is here 
Cannot stop it with mere prayers 

Seize the children 
Teach them all to 

Raise the horns 
Sing the hymns that praise the One 

King of our kingdoms 
Call upon the hordes 
Our axes thirsty for fresh blood 
Demons, raise the horns 

As angels die by my sword 
Paradise is filled with blood 
Humans will perish in chains 
Condemned to a life of pain 

A world in darkness is engulfed 
As we are blessed by Lord Satan 
He lifts his heads, his eyes have a gleam 
With my devotion He is pleased 

Enslave the women 
Impregnate them all 

Raise the horns 
Dedicate your life to evil 
Exist for Satan 

Obey the Unholy One 
Sacrifice all your gods 
Demons, raise the horns 

From the fountain 
Drink the water of wisdom 
Knowledge is power 
Might is right 
Spill the blood 

Sacrifice 
Demons, raise the hornsFrom the north sea 
To the ice caps 
To the glacial lands 
Of the west 

We're sailing 
Set sails up high 
Wandering off 
Odin is our guide 

Bloodied swords 
We march to war 
On forgotten shores 
They shall fear 

Death upon them 
Who stand against us 
The gods will prevail 

the raven live forever 
In our hearts and soul 
The westfjords is our home 
The new north 

Waves crushing the ship 
Tormenting our minds 
The ocean god is mad 
But we know we are saved 

The icy grip 
Of the north 
Glaciers are breaking 
Unto the sea 

We cannot astray 
The gods are with us 
The great ice caps 
Awaits 

Valhalla in death 
Honour in life 
That is the way 
Of the norse 
And now you all will die 

And from the tree 
Lying on the beac 
The allfather created man 
Odin Ville & Ve 

They Created the first man 
And now that man 
Will forever be 
In the west fjords 
Home of Erik the Red 
Hailing from the Northway 
Forever is he 
Who is remembered(Instrumental)Invoking all power and glory hides
For the magic of the staff
We will struggle against the false ones and christians 
Burning the crucifix with hate and fury

We glorified the Emperor Lucifer
We'll kill for Him all those that say
To be stronger and they proceed
The vulgar god will be exterminated

The luciferian kingdom prevails in the earth
Only for the warriors that honor your name
Practing the powers of the magic
Invoking demoniac legions
Destroying those that cross our road

The death is part of our road
We kill for Lucifer
Your name give us all power and glory
The magic is in our side and in her we live intensely
Glories to the king of the empire in the Earth

Lucifer!!! Lucifer!!!Life is a road life is a plan 
Life is a role life is more than it seems 
Enlightened delighted 
Confused or clear today is your day 

There's world in a world outside 
They're all the same when you stay inside 

Getting the news from here and there 
Blocking thoughts before they turn into lies 
Switching on switching off 
When you're on your own you belong to yourself 

And the night is alright 
And your days get better and better in every way 
Just slip down your sleep to enlighten tomorrow 
'Till you go flashing up the sky 

There's world in a outside 
They're all the same when you stay inside 

Life is a road life is a plan 
Life is a role life is more than it seems 
Enlightened delighted 
Confused or clear today is your day 
Run around get over 

And the night is alright 
And your days get better and better in every way 
Just slip down your sleep to enlighten tomorrow 
'Till you go flashing up the sky(Instrumental)Protruding seeds of the fallen
shall ever flourish on the mortal soil
And cast out the light from the hearts
of those willing to transgress my path

May their cries echo through the void
For I bleed their Reversal

Bestow upon me, queer reign of nether
Speak through me, in thousand, thousand tongues
Through the pores of nights awake me!
Oh, let thy sermon be cherished!

In Void's light, an infinite disgrace
shall storm down upon all their kindred
May their cries echo through the void
For I bleed their Reversal

Thus all the spirits walked blind behind
Wrung by agonizing quest, one after one
And never would they reach the source
Unleashed, yet shapeless, shunned from sight

Up the scale of emptiness
Tragic souls remain in the outer
Distant and frightened,
with hearts alone left bloodlessBlack nymph reveals, slowly and close
so don't say a word
Sick modern world is exclusive bog
where nymphs easy breed
we're feeding their need
we see that bad smell
we smell insect well 

Nymph instructive:
"The things you've seen...never been"
What's up with your mind?
Listen ti me:
"My truth is the fine story
and your one just lark!" 

What's up with your mind?
Our glossy coins
Have both sides a front 

While teaching the right way of pissing
The vulturous man behind the wheel
Always when honesty's missing
...the black nymph reveals... 

Inside of the circle
in the nest of ignorance
pretent touch
made of arctic brass
Stones try to look ambered
arrogant esplanade
innocence engraved
in snowy black
snowy black
almost dead 

Everything changes
sometimes we meet the ones who read
between the li/n/es.
Wide black tape
that's covering eyes
is a bit transparent
this meal is out of taste
When resisting midnight
we're maybe on wrong sideFiltered light a candle burns dim 
Swallowed by black this heart barely beats 
Claustrophobic screams from a larynx stripped raw 
Buried alive damp odour of soil 
Abandoned hope all reasoning gone 
Christ has no place 
Faith dies without light 
Panicked breathing stabs at the chest 
Kindred of corpses all that is left 
Eminent black blanket the sun 
Claustrophobic embrace mould spores in 
Black lungYear after year
Fear after fear
The number of dead start to rise
What is the cause
Of this killing clause
The hatred deep inside of you

Burning away like a fuse on a bomb
Our anger is ready to blow
Don't blink your eyes
Millions can die
Because of the choice of one man

With the end coming near
Where is no need to fear
Your life will be but a dream
Turned nightmare scream
Now it's far too late
To end this reign of hate
Nor more pearly gates
Only the fiery depths of Hell

No time to run or hide
There's no time for suicide
The kiss of death
We'll all abide
Once you realize
The sky can really fall
Our time on Earth will be complete
The sky will kill us allOh father, you that sit in the throne of the dead 
I'm here  to lead the attack against the blinds 
Oh mother, you that extended the venom skin 
Can we start this carnage? 
Dear humanity, you that live in ignorance 
Take sit for be destructed 
Oh God, you that look us in your dead heaven 
Prepare for your decay 

Death to traitors 
The Filthy winds blow 
Death to fake dictators 
The empires go down 
Become the breakers 
For the God of below 
Death to creator 
Hail to the crown of bone 

Antichrist has come 
In Darkness we fight 
Armageddon just began 
Sathanas worldwide 

Death to traitors 
The Filthy winds blow 
Death to fake dictators 
The empires go down 
Become the breakers 
For the God of below 
Death to creator 
Hail to the crown of bones 

Prepare your weapons 
The war just began 
Destruction just comes 
Kill the God's sons 
The fall of the Empyreon 
The rise of the crown of bones 
Misanthropy is the new law 
This is the end of the world 

Kill them all 
Live in sin 
Nothing matters 
The new anarchyTHE VOICES SURROUND YOU 
SHROUDED IN CLOAKS OF ETHER 
LIKE FLIES THEY SWARM, WHISPERING: 
KILL YOURSELF, END THIS NOW 

YOU CLASP YOUR EARS BUT CANNOT SHUT THEM OUT 
FOR THEY SPAWN INSIDE YOU 
BORN OF PAIN, BORN OF HATE, BORN OF LIES 

ALL YOU CARRY WITHIN YOUR MIND AND BODY 
HAUNTING ECHOES, MORE LOUDLY NOW: 
KILL YOURSELF, END THIS NOWSondo, eni blino iska kom-mene kom-manos.
Tudeos... keni tranks eni kento-gijamo noxto.
Kroudi adilo ei woideje qari deiwos.
Seno lergo ei koll-eta qari keiwos.
Moudos kweislos Nuberu kados.
kwe ster tenweo eni riketo,
sme disuqnajeo di kent kwe weido qaritero
wintos.
Neteo  Marte gnatos.
Lug, kluse sondo katarno galeo.
Oljo sme wraged, Oljo sme me wrag , ei uqo
towo  anman.
Qatir, gale korjo kom temeno dijara... Gaia.
Uqo magon wera.
Uqo lugra gleiwo.Sweatshop labor,
Pays shitty,
Exports jobs,
Global industry.

Pennies-a-day,
Horrid conditions,
Brutal boss,
No emotions.

Long hours,
Sub-standard,
Pregnant, gone,
Unionize, fired.

Hazardous rooms,
Laws avoided,
Near slavery,
Workers exploited.Somewhere in the darkness the Evil One cries
The air is electric, fire in the skies
Somewhere an echo, a shadow in black
Souls for the demons, flesh for the pact

Bow to the warrior, living in his crime
Bow to the warrior, conquering through time
Bow low to the warrior, sorcerer of the mind
Feeding the demons a mystical rhyme

Up from the darkness, the great beast of black
The Devil is riding high on his back
Innocent victims, their fate he contrives
And herded to slaughter, they cry for their lives1914, in voyage from England
28 cast their fear to the gods
Poised to conquer the frost covered base of the Earth
At 6 moths ensnared in a solid sea prison
Men and ship are beset on all sides
Abandon all hope - what the ice gets it keeps for its own

To the lifeboat, the James Caird, went six men
For 17 days facing Poseidon's wrath
On the shores of South Georgia they settled at last
Now to traverse the hazardous landscape
Over mountains and glaciers they'd fight
Into Stromness where hope was now finally in sight

So far away - we lost no faith - in unity. my bravery, in honor
As one we'd live, as one we'd die and by endurance we conquered

1916 on August the 30
28 reunited again
Against all the odds they had outrun the cold clutch of death

So far away - we lost no faith - in unity. my bravery, in honor
As one we'd live, as one we'd die and by endurance we conquered(Instrumental)The sun sets below the foam of the ocean
And the shore is fast asleep
I stood on the mountain and sang
When my verses hit the water they were already dead

I know where the sun sleeps at night
Down in the lonely sea
I know where the sun hides at night
Up a tall spruce-tree

The song vanished behind the pine-trees
And the dusk cried it away
Below the depths of the ever storming sea
My song of something that will never return

I know where the sun sleeps at night
Down in the lonely sea
I know where the sun hides at night
Up a tall spruce-tree

Struck by your words like stones
The grief comes like winters cold, cutting breath
I want to turn the sun and the moon from their paths
And press the countless stars in my fist

I shall curse this world
Turn back the sun
Turn back the moon
I shall curse this world
Turn back the day
Turn back the night
And when I have trampled it all underfoot
Smiling I'll turn my back on life

I know where I'll sleep tonight
Down in the lonely sea
And when the dawn has blown upon its fire
I'll rest deep below the depressing sea.This news and these talks
Deception! Deception!

The press and interviews
Deception! Deception!

Curfews in the night
Deception! Deception!

Weapons in hand
Deception! Deception!

Whomever enters politics
Feeds himself by looting the country!

Kill them and Crush them!

Now in this land, this sense of despair
There is no hope or dreams, there is no one there

This news and these talks

Deception! Deception!

The press and interviews
Deception! Deception!

Curfews in the night
Deception! Deception!

Weapons in hand
Deception! Deception!He knows nothing of the world, for him everything is left to discover. 
Ignoring the future he spins round. 
Not knowing their ambigous nature he challenges, 
Earth, waves and heavens by turns... 
A flight, a fall, a tear flows...Bred upon evil, through carnage remained 
unite in the feast of the cunt that is god 
consumed by fire. 

Demigods of the inhumane and the dark lord's vilest urge 
Bless the few with martyrdom that left the world it's deepest cuts 

Bred upon evil, through carnage remained 
unite in the feast of the cunt that is god 
consumed by fire 

And washed their hands with the blood of the innocent 
As sanctified glorified hate upon god 
razorblades spawned this very being 

Bred upon evil, through carnage remained 
unite in the feast of the cunt that is god 
consumed by fire.Secrets of a shadows wind
Whispers unheard
sounds in the night,
Spirit echoes
of footsteps past,
Beckoning closer
a hesitant light..

Silence under midnight skies
Songs of winter to the stars
Voices soft begin to speak
To the snowy mountain peak

Filled with rush of untold danger
Anxiety in heart and mind

Silence under midnight skies
Songs of winter to the stars
Voices soft begin to speak
To the snowy mountain peak

Worry brushed aside in anger
Reckless feet on paths unwind

Frosted icicles that hang
In wait of a more forceful breeze

Silence under midnight skies
Songs of winter to the stars
Voices soft begin to speak
To the snowy mountain peak

Green is gone to white and silver
Bare the branches of the treesShe came to me at night 
Whispered me their names 
Everyone who left and who would leave 
Will meet tomorrow morning 

All my life has led to this point 
I saw it as a child 

Why? Everything I touch dies 
Why? Everything I touch turns to dustAll the streets are crammed with things 
Eager to be held 
I know what hands are for 
And I'd like to help myself 
You ask me the time 
But I sense something more 
And I would like to give 
What I think you're asking for 
You handsome devil 
Oh, you handsome devil 

Let me get my hands 
On your mammary glands 
And let me get your head 
On the conjugal bed 
I say, I say, I say 


I crack the whip 
And you skip 
But you deserve it 
You deserve it, deserve it, deserve it 


A boy in the bush 
Is worth two in the hand 
I think I can help you get through your exams 
Oh, you handsome devil 


Oh, let me get my hands 
On your mammary glands 
And let me get your head 
On the conjugal bed 
I say, I say, I say 


I crack the whip 
And you skip 
But you deserve it 
You deserve it, deserve it, deserve it 


And when we're in your scholarly room 
Who will swallow whom ? 
When we're in your scholarly room 
Who will swallow whom ? 
You handsome devil 


Oh, let me get my hands 
On your mammary glands 
And let me get your head 
On the conjugal bed 
I say, I say, I say 


There's more to life than books, you know 
But not much more 
Oh, there's more to life than books, you know 
But not much more, not much more 
Oh, you handsome devil 
Oh, you handsome devil 
Ow !A never ending Painting,
No subject defined,
Not a precise style,
Confused traits poor colours.

Are you really able to find a message?

I,
Defeated,
Grow dim again,
To not graze this lying vision,
To not admire the banal.

Distantly,
Glittering sides try to illude, [elude?]
Disturbing,
No results...Again....

I rove hearing the noise...of false moves.

Skimming transparent figures,
Observing a pale
And sober, Painting....
I will deface it,
Enjoy the cut.The time has come for you to die
Without might  never justified
All we'll do is sacrifice
Ourselves with hate and pride 
Bringing on the final night
Our last breath, final time,
The time has come for the world to die,
The time to end your hopeless cries  

Armageddon shall come
Nothing more, nothing else can be done 
Thats the way thats the right of time
End of all, final while has began 

Watch the last sunrise
Born of nuclear fire  

The flame of immolation
Infernal blast 
Armageddon shall come
Armageddon shall come

The time has come for you to die
Without might  never justified
All we'll do is sacrifice
Ourselves with hate and pride 
Bringing on the final night
Our last breath, final time,
The time has come for the world to die,
The time to end your hopeless cries 

Hopeless cries, begging crowd 
Failed to pass its greatest task
Darker path will never come 
Sacrifice!
No survive, none to hide,
Thats the way of final time,
Hatred has been justified,
Final act has just begun,
thats the prime ancient plan,
no escape, it will be done,
Armageddon is to come 
 
A R M A G E D D O N
 
Armageddon shall come 
Armageddon shall comeTen thousand nights, ten thousand days
Have passed since my heart died
Some kind of Sickness grwoing in me
Took away my Innocence and joy
And now I wonder if this life
Has still something for me to take

Tommor, today, this sky looks always pale
And I feel the burden of time on me.

And this fucking Winter came, harvesting all pride and gold
Neverending Winter Came, hunting my restless Soul.

Spiritum Finis.
The Winter of Ages - The Heart of Sorrow
The End gets closer - There's no tommorow.

And I remember the old days,
When I could hear the sound of a distant spring...
But then those flowers turned to dust,
And the gentle breeze became a Storm

And this fucking Winter came, harvesting all pride and gold
Neverending Winter Came, hunting my restless Soul.

The cold blade of Winter will cut down your dreams
The cold blade of Winter will teach you the meaning of Pain.(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Betrayed and deceived, we reborn to the the world
as brilliant light, and who is not yet ready
should go back till'is time

And we shined,and what was hidden in the shades,shows out
a void full of fears, in their eyes, for not to be faced they grown
as them get melted down

We Burned, in the hope to be the light in the shadow

We Burned, in the hope of that light could rise the ashes of what was exstinguished

we Burned, in the hope that we could be a guide

But who was not ready for that, had the eyes shutted down.The feral howling winds
twist into a frenzy
Ushering forth the purifying fire

The charred remains of your soul
left to wither and die

Death comes swiftly
cloaked in the shadows of night
Flesh torn asunder
to appease the black goat

The sacrifice has been made
the soul defiled
Chaos has been unleashed 
upon this wretched world

Ideologies crushed
all belief has gone
Cries echo throughout
All hope is lost

The Gods are dead
and everyone knows
No rhyme or reason
For this fucked up world

Death comes swiftly
cloaked in the shadows of night

Flesh torn asunder
to appease the goat

The feral howling winds
twist into a frenzy
Ushering forth the purifying fireA HORSEMAN WHO SEARCHES FOR HEADS, 
MERCENARY, WHO PAINTS THE GROUND RED
RAISE HIS SWORD WITHOUT ANY WORDS SAID
HIS LIFE JUST SLIPS AWAY
A BULLET SOUNDS HIS HORSE SHOT DOWN 
A GIANT BLACK STEED LAID TO THE GROUND 
HEAR THEIR CRIES WITHOUT ANY SOUND 
ITS JUST TOO LATE 
TWO WOMEN SIMPLY HOLD THE FATE OF HIS LIFE
HIS JOURNEY ENDED 
WITH A SINGLE SWING FROM HIS SWORD
HE WHO HOLDS THE SIGN 
HOLIER THAN TIME 
THE SACRED SKULL
OF THE HEADLESS HORSEMAN

THE POWERS IN YOUR HANDS
CALL HIM ON DEMAND
SACRED SKULL
OF THE HEADLESS HORSEMAN

BUT NOW THE WIND IT BLOWS COLD
THEY SAY YOU'LL SEE HIS SMOKE
HE'S ON ANOTHERS TRAIL CAUSE
I CAN SEE THE RAIN

WHICH PATH THEY HAD TAKEN
THE SOULS THEY HAVE AWAKEN
THEIR NAMES FORSAKEN
GONNA FEEL HIS PAIN

THE MOON GLOWS HIGH IN THE SKY
ON A BLACK STUD HE RIDES
WON'T LEAVE TILL HE GETS WHAT HE FINDS
WITH BLOODY HANDS

IN THE SILENCE HE SCREAMS
From life into your dreams
SWIFT LIKE A BREESE HES THE FEAR OF MAN

GOT HIM WAILINWorshipping the dark
I feel my body and soul
This moment I'm living on
A light, a strange light

Evil and Lust
For you my lord

Misty and cold
Dark so unique
My flesh and eyes contract
Deep in evil and lust
In darkness I sleep
In coldness I feel death's call
No rules, just pleasure for souls

Evil and Lust
For you my lord

Come back for me
To be with you
In the left hand path
To drink from the chalice
I'll never decieve your light
Show me your light

Evil and Lust
For you my lord(Instrumental)His undignified reflection
In the pool of gore
The animal is dead
But its muscles still twitch

Substitute for a man
It bribes the heavens
A two-legged chicken
It bribes the heavens

He graps the legs of a rooster
Swung three times above his beanie
In movements unknown
An offering of dead birds

Substitute for a man
It bribes the heavens
A two-legged chicken
It bribes the heavens

Man to fowl, fowl to man
Above his mucky skullcap
In movements unknown
The rite of Kapparot

Rooster and hen, Adam and Eve
The multitude tiptoes
In the fields of guts
Blood on their feet

In movements unknown
For atonement of their cruelty
Misfortune tellers abide by tradition
Passed on from hebe to hebe

Rooster and hen, Adam and Eve
The multitude tiptoes
In the fields of guts
Blood on their feetConspiracy of a business 
In a place that is full of hate 
Exporting sadness to the world 
And people pay to see them dance 

Condemned to make you smile 
The animal becomes insane 
They commit suicide 
Living in a prison got no fucking sense 

Only money to their brain they care to feed 
No remorse, they don't care 
Even their mom they would kill 

They decide 
Who will survive 

Enter to die 
In the cove 

Decieve, lie 
Slaughter has began 

Hunt, kill 
Business has to grow 

Forbidden freedom 
They will all be gone 

Remember, we are 
Superior Race 

Solo: Arza 

Smiling when they kill 
We enjoy what we do 

Selling mother nature 
It's my land, I don't give a fuck 

Stupid selfish greed 
I got a car to buy 

Enter in the cove 
We are superior raceWho now has the strength to stand against the armies of Isengard and Mordor?! Who has the will to stand against the might of Saruman and Sauron? And the union of the two towers?....Together Lord Sauron, we shall rule this middle-earth!Mongol'fier
(lyrics by Liderz Insomnia) 
Severe picture opens from height
Of clouds and birds eye-view
Only eagles and dragons can rise to this summit
And look in the eyes of the truth.
Human can't fly, they are rivet to the ground
But one of them'd mastered ones fear
A step of a knowledge, the gift of Great Gods
They'd given him a wonder - Mongol'fier.

Violet clouds on the scarlet sky
It's a little drop in the stream of might
Mongol'fier "feels" the mountain wind
Man thinks, that he'd got up from crib.

I'm a waterfall, that can to fly
I'm a little drop in the stream of might
My body feels the forest wind
I have that I want. No one did like me.

Incarnation of might in the fly
Kissing sunshine, kissing moonlight.
Do you think, that you rival of sky
Do you think, that you're lord of fly?
Die!

No one can be rival of element
That commands you.
Lighting of judgment'd hit in the prodigy
So severe this truth.

Mankind isn't ready to get up from knees
Its can't to understand the true bliss.If I could anoint your corpse with the my myrrh of my perversion. Would I be worth enough to confess your death? If my hidden prayers were strong enough to be the holy claws that reap your flesh and leave you naked before the eye of redemption. Would you remember me at the time of seed? But unless I see you bleed. I cannot be your disciple in apolytrosis. As I am smelling your death, as I  am consuming the drug of your ecstatic faith. I am gettling closer to touch venialness. If I could built a sadistic church with your blood and bones. Would you come to me in devotion and slay your soul? An unyielding suffering, an ongoing deteriorate of damnation. Is our temple of grace, is our temple of pain and of Cathartirial sacrifice to touch venialness. If the magnitude of your distorted stare is the disformal reflection of my spirit, the hideous mirroring of my daimonic nature. I can only exorcize my self through your extinction. If I was exiled in the desert of your devouring corruption. Would I be worth priest enough to preach your putrefaction? If I could held a handful of forgiveness. Would you be my suicidal son and my sheep among the beasts?(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)I am isolated
In a damp dungeon fetid

Lying on the ground i feel the cold
That it covers for all my body
Among rats,   roach and excrement
I look asian the ceiling but I see nothing more than the darkness

The nauseating smell is already part of this
Filled cells of oxide
Only I know that this condemnation is eternal
I do not know the day, month or year in which i am

HAAAAAA!!!!!!
A degrading life of futility
Condemned for those victims wings that it devours
I take very much hate and anger in my being
The memories are absorbing my mind
My cannibal instincts are harassing me
And the desire for the meat is taking possession inside me
It is something that I cannot control I cannot avoid it

I crawl and go it was grasping a corner of this cell
Between my own blood and my torn skin
Autophagy is about to begin
I begin to start the skin of my left leg

HEEEEYYY!!!!!
My appetite feels fully sleepy it is voracious
The blood and the pus flow freely

I'm enjoying Blind Soldiers 

Blind Soldiers

Soldiers fighting for a god
and the same die by him
without having the real test 
of this existence

they leave their wives and sons
to follow the battlefield
in the invasion of a nation
in search of supreme power

Expanding the empire christian rotten
promoting bloodshed and war
on behalf of pig god
and this bastard son christIn terror you cry your fear again
Before the jaws of Abaddon
Feelings are torn off from your skin
Devoured soul returns to hell on earth

A thousand deaths and more you pass
Once born of mortal flesh

A long one is this road of suffering
A dark eternal path of life
Once you saw the light of Satan's star
Too proud, you fool turned away

Ten thousand deaths and more you pass
Once failed to find your Self
Arrogance bred thoughts of being a god
Blind to His works, there's no way

Bow to the truth to pass the gates

Bow to the one behind the jaws

Again you stand and face the torture
In the jaws of Abaddon
The price of another wasted life
Is more than a soul can take

A billion deaths and more you pass
Once turned away from light
Await for Satan to send another spark
To set your soul in flames againEager to break through the next generations, we shall not bitterly fall.
Requesting through vaults of heretic ignition, we shall forever be left.
Soulside replenish, my foremost inherit, we shall not bitterly fall,
reading the backlines by upmost literates, we shall forever be left.

Behind our eyes we seek that grace divine...

Behind our eyes we seek that grace divine... Wherein the seeds of void prevail.
ABSENTIA these sintful chants of dawn now rise: (as) the forging of alliegances in towers now age.

Thou victimized my soul astray... Since the spell was cast by her chaotic breath.
ABSENTIA the ghosts of dawn retained this key as newborn illusions now age and die, rise and fall...

I shall, redeem your life with the mighty seize, with my outstretched hand. With my time in a palm,
yearns in the brightening light: come with me and feel this breath...
Come with me and feel my dried out spirit...

Spiritus in oblivio
Spiritus in absentia01. One Rode To Asa Bay
02. The Lake
03. The Land
04. Raise the Dead
05. War Pigs
06. Enter The Eternal Fire
07. Blood Fire Death
08. Ring of Gold
09. War Machine
10. War
11. Ace of Spades
12. Death And Resurrection Of A Northern Son
13. The Ravens(Instrumental) 

	Drums of war sound. Warriors are gathered to fight on the Wigrir plain. Charging men, wolves, ravens and gods, worms and beasts of darkness; the plain is lit with fire. Blood is flowing, bits of flesh, severed limbs, smashed skulls and bodies lie strewn across the plain. Screams cut the air, screams of anger and pain, the sound of metal blades and armour clashing, clubs smashing bodies. Then, for a brief moment, everything stops. It is as if the universe holds its breath. Wuotan has fallen on the Wigrir plain; swallowed by Fanjariho. For a moment the time stands still. For Wuotan; Hail and Joy!Mother of nine reptiles
Gives birth to faith
To cover the land
Carcass reeking Louhi

Spits and curses evil
A sheppard travels towards
The hades

And Ruho swallows the light
From the earth
Drooling Rampa licks rotten flesh

Curse to the mankind

Infectious decease to the mortals
Clean in his debauchery

Undresses the earth from its brightness
Sanctifies an empire

Death with its cursings

Infectious in his debaucheryTroopers from hell, mutants of evil
annihilate the possers of metal without no mercy
with its bloody fist in sign of victory
show to the bitches the thriumph of metal

MUTANTS FROM HELL
MUTANTS FROM HELL
MUTANTS FROM HELL
MUTANTS FROM HELL

Satan was your guide in this bloddy victory
mobid demons died in this diabolic battle
alcoholic bangers destroyed the bastards
sex and drugs in satanic power


MUTANTS FROM HELL
MUTANTS FROM HELL
MUTANTS FROM HELL
MUTANTS FROM HELL

Hell bangers
welcome to destruction
attack with anger

Kill the bastards
rape the whores
thrash their cunts


MUTANTS FROM HELL
MUTANTS FROM HELL
MUTANTS FROM HELL
MUTANTS FROM HELLSatan your kingdom must come down.
I heard the voice of Jesus say
'Satan your kingdom must come down.'
Gonna chant it down gonna tear your kingdom down.
Satan your kingdom must come down.(Instrumental)And the dawn abducted cruel and mute
The ravished veil of obsidian fog
Through her howling woods come trickling 
Frozen remnants of her yet pale lover's juice

Covered with the outworn and darkened dress of night
Bloodstainded sheets shroud pernicious crime
A lustful delinquent of libidinous courge
Fondling each and every inflicted wound

A hybrid hermit countess
Grins with sneaking joy
Like newly wedded lovers
Cought in the act of carnal lust

Devouring sins
Underneath sanguinous cloth
Another victim 
Of necromantic passion's rage
Become the groom
Of twisted matrimonial death

SIX SIX SIX
Carved between her thighs
SICK SICK SICK
Her black perverted mind

In the grasp of the vixen's claws

Covered with the outworn and darkened dress of night
Bloodstainded sheets shroud pernicious crime
A lustful delinquent of libidinous courge
Fondling each and every inflicted wound

SIX SIX SIX
Carved between her thighs
SICK SICK SICK
Her black perverted mind

Devouring sins
Underneath sanguinous cloth
Another victim 
Of necromantic rage

RIGOR MORTIS

Devouring sins
Underneath sanguinous cloth
Become the groom
Of matrimonial death(Instrumental)A moment of darkness at hand
nonsense and lies walk the land
but somehow we're made to believe
the lifetime we're livin' is free
our visions stretch out like a sea
but the steps that we make are on dust
we're dancin' on a river of blood
dancin' on a river of blood

In this world
where money means virtue
passions go dry wither and die
reaching a silence within
where the false
the false is a key to success
and the soul of humanity hides
hides from itself

We're livin' in such times today
the system is tired and it's drained
the dance becomes shallow and vain!
the sound of this music, insane!

we've surrendered to the laws and their lies
they've planted the seed in our minds
the passes we've misunderstood
have us dancin' on a river of blood
dancin' on a river of blood

In this world
where money means virtue
passions go dry wither and die
reaching a silence within
where the false
the false is a key to success
and the soul of humanity hides
hides from This world
where money means virtue
passions go dry wither and die
reaching a silence within
where the false
the false is a key to success
and the soul of humanity hides
hides from itselfWe're going to get her 
Pure nuclear hell 
And she'll never come back 
The earth turns to hell 
A nuclear warhead rape 
A fucked up ground 
Things will never be the same again 

We're heading for Venus 
Right after Mars 
And maybe they've seen us 
And prepared for War 
With so many lightyears to go 
And things to be crushed 
I`m sure we'll win this fucking WARHidden deep in your eyes there's a story to be told
But I will never know what they have to say
Where you have been and what you have done
What made you decide to end it in this way

Until the dead speak
Until your eyes begin to shine
Until the dead speak
Until your mind merge with mine
Until the dead speak

So sweet is the touch of your cold, dead lips
A connection of faith, a kiss of the souls
As I lay by your side for that last goodbye
Cold is the air I breath, light escapes my eyes

Until the dead speak...A wretched pile of humans
Rotting in a shed
Rats feed on dead skin
Bodily demise
Stare into a pale face
and trip on a limb
A hunger that doesnt 
come to an end

Feeling the delight
From the kill at first sight
Ive got to feed tonight
I can taste their fright
She'll end like the others
Body left unburied
Processing free
A relentless killing spree

Experimentation
Is the purpose of existence
Of the sick mind
I cannot leave behind
A stiff corpse 
Hangs from the ceiling
Tissue, dead, revive
Bring it back to life

Breathless bodies stacked
Together into grotesque
Monuments to mark
Horrors I have left behindIn Tlayeltic Amemitl Tliltic
Xochitonal
Noohui Elqui In Miquiliztli
Xochitonal

Hueyi Auqetzpalhuhue
Tlen Tiehuamictlan
Tehuatzin Tiixpia
Caltzacayotl Mictlan

Tel Yeceh Nonequi Niccecehuiz
Nomahmahuiliz

Noyectlalihtoc Ica Teyomiyo
Titemauhtianoyoliatzin Nomauhtia
Ipampamoquetzapalcamachal
Tehuatzin Tiixpia Queniuh
Tepanoah Ipanapanhuiayo(Instrumental)Left the path of innocence
Left the freezing look of the night
Blood on my hands
Crimson lake
Lost the faith
And feel so hate

Marriage of good and evil
Cemetery of darkened souls
Fog is rising
Dead ones awake
Living grave I'll meet my friends

Blood stained cross
Hammer of the witch
Blood stained cross
Tower of the pitch

Marriage of good and evil
Cemetery of darkened souls
Fog is rising
Dead ones awake
Living grave I'll meet my friends

Blood stained cross
Hammer of the witch
Blood stained cross
Tower of the pitchIt is here, beseech for fear

abomination of the three levels is the cause of hateful skills
duration of life is the kind of their immeasurable human side
captured in flesh, strangulated with thoughts
consuming their minds all humanity is lost
creating new forms, celestial thoughts
their comprehension of suicide is mutilating all ghosts

Morething - one of the greatest curse of gods
can't stop him, the highest king of mental chaos

deeds of pain and choler
the unskilled one is master under the sun
the kingdom of heaven is a wishful dream
but the end is unaware
feeling so tired, knowing no home
welcome disasters, lies are reborn
destroying all spheres, feeling their eyes
twisting the truth no one forget
the name of the liars

collecting alls souls
we are marching through unreal worlds
feel the icy breath of them
give cruelty a new name

psychotic carnage abashTHE AFTERGLOW OF WHAT MAY LIE AHEAD
TAINTED WITH SO DEEP A RED
WITH SPARKS OF BLACK SHINING DIM
IN WHIRLING WINDS, SO TENDER, SO GRIM
SOULS ENTANGLED IN THE BRANCHES OF DEAD TREES
SHATTERED DREAMS OF ONCE BEING FREE
SHINY WINGS ACROSS THE SILVERY MOON
DESCENDING UNTO THE TORTURED EARTH SOON
TAKE ME UP, I'M NOT WILLING TO STAY
AND CARRY, CARRY ME FAR AWAY
WHEN LEATHERY WINGS WITH GRACE CARESS
I'LL SOON BE REBORN IN DARKNESS... 
SO WHERE ARE YOU HEADING TO NOW, BLACKEST OF ALL
WHOSE MADNESS CAN'T BE CALMED
BY ANY SECRET UNKNOWN REVEALED?
YOUR PRIDE A GLORIOUS HALO RADIATING LIKE THE DYING SUN
OVER THE NEVER ENDING DESERTS
YOUR STRENGTH OF AIR, WATER, EARTH,
AND THE ALL CONSUMING FIRE
AND YOUR DESPERATE BEAUTY IN THE EYES OF THE WILD... 
THE FALLACY OF REVELATION,
OF CREATING A "BEAST"
SO DIFFERENT FROM WHAT WE KNOW OF YOU
ENSTRANGED VISIONS WILL NEVER
ENTER OUR HEARTS DEDICATED TO YOU
SHATTERED LIES WHO DOES NOT KNOW
SHATTERED BY HIS OWN CREATION,
ILLUSION COME TRUE 
THE NIGHT IS OURS, THE NIGHT,
THE PALE MOON, AND THE STAR DESERT 
PATHS THROUGH ICY MOUNTAINS
AND OVER BROKEN BRIDGES
GUIDED BY THE RADIATING LIGHT
NO ONE THERE TO FOLLOW WHO
DOES NOT FEEL
WHAT DRIVES US ON AND ON
BUT WILL BE LOST IN ETERNITY
THESE PATHS CAN ONLY
BE PASSED BY US
ALONE
THE NIGHT IS OURS, THE NIGHT,
THE PALE MOON, AND THE STAR DESERT 
AS WE'VE BEEN CROUCHING
IN DARKEST PLACES FOR MILLENIUMS,
NOT TO BE SEEN BY THE MORTAL EYE...
AS WE'VE BEEN WITNESSING STARS DYING
AND SNOW COVERING ANY TRACES ONE MIGHT HAVE LEFT...
AS WE'VE REMAINED IN THE SHADOW'S EMBRACE BY NIGHT
WE'VE BEHELD A WORLD IN WHICH WE NEVER BELONGED 
WE'VE KEPT OUR MYSTERIES IN OBSCURITY
OUR WORLDS OF THOUGHT AND EMOTION
OUR WISDOM AND MAGIC,
THE TRULY TRAGIC EXISTENCE IN THESE REALMS...
WE ALWAYS KNEW THAT THIS WOULD END 
WE AWAIT OUR REBIRTH IN DARKNESS...
ETERNAL DARKNESS...Stare of a eyes so black
Cold, inhuman and bottomless
It draws you nearer
To hand and lose a soul

Arousal of flame, the embers, ash
Every heart holds the key to damnation
The sinner's blood

The great shadow is closing in
From realm of hell he calls
The name written in book of death
A soul for Satan to claim

The embers, ash
The sinner's black blood(Instrumental)A storm is on the rise
No stars in the night sky
Hear the thunder rolling in
Black cloud is closing in
Oh Lord, at the dusk of time
We all must die
Angel of the seventh dawn
I've been waiting for you so long

Satan come, come to me
Ancient eyes, speak to me

A storm is on the rise
No stars in the night sky
Hear the thunder rolling in
Black cloud is closing in
Angel of the seventh dawn
I've been waiting for you to bring me home

Satan come, come to me
Ancient eyes, speak to me

Lucifer rise, Lucifer rise
Rise like the stars
Rise like the morning light
Rise like the sun
And blind my eyesCannot see the ground for the swirling fog.
There's just static to be heard and the thud of my heart.
Always seems like there's something lurking ahead, but every turn I take I'm still alone.
Following scraps with bloodied scrawlings, cryptic directions point to an abyss.
The Order waits to complete God, a new Mother for a rusted paradise.
Behold the Sign from the woman's rantings.
It marks the beginning of an agonized end.
One isolated zone will spread like cancer as horrors previously unseen display their corruption and their hate.
In the petals of a lily a colony has found salvation.
They can see a promised land where I see only Hell.
A beautiful scent carried on soft winds, it reminds me of jasmine, but its only death.
My vision is blurring and my resolve has waned.
I stumble through the fog into an abyss...
Time is running out and the cancer is spreading as every direction shows its bitter degradation.
Cannot see a way through the endless terror.
When one child's weeping ends the Mother of God will roar!(Instrumental)Crawling dreams into my internal void
You give life and death to the crimson curse

Oh lord I offer my soul
My powers are yours 
In the pain you'll find the cure of the lost
To find the light 
To feel the flow

To fell the flow

Controlling the underworlds
Enchanted gardens
Dancing in the sea of eternal darkness
Fly away my dead sons, no memory no blood

Oh lord I offer my soul
My powers are yours 
In the pain you'll find the cure of the lost
To find the light 
To feel the flow

It seems you're lost and now
You're saying I'm sorry
There's a leading path
You can't fin the way
Al your thoughts are not enough
To take you out there
The leading path will never find you the way

Realize, realize, realize you are
Turning to stoneFuego ague nada es real...
Nada parece estar tan lejos como tu
Una sola mirada aturde el movimiento simultaneo y ecliptico
de "mi vida"
En el in interrumpido paseo por las calles desoladas de esta vida
Dobla a la izquierda y encontraras la salvacion a tus recuerdos
...a tue momentos impuros e insanos...
encontraras aquella inocencia perdida...
Aquel destello vibrante
Encamina tus pasos por aquel sendero vacio...sin prisa...
Camina... un poco mas...
Suelta tu cabello una vez mas
E impresiona mi vida de nuevo
Sique las huellas del pasado y borralas con tus manos
Derrite este mundo intrinseco...
Desflora la vida eterna en tu nucleo nuevo
Deja ir aquellos recuerdos
Y muere de nuevo en este silencio que destroza tus oidos
Muere en estas lagrimas vac as...
Muere en tu recuerdo como muere este silencio
Desprende en el filo de la vida tu desesperada accion final
Contribuye a esta demencia aostracta
Entra en nuestro mundo de neuvo
Construido en depresion, construido en dolor
Levantandose en un verdadero odio sin control
Renueva mis heridas y deleita tu amargura en ellas
Interrumpe mi tiempo y mi vida
Para engullir un trozo de tu felicidad, sin temores
Embelesa tu arte entre tus ojos, y pasea tu figura
Entre la vida y la muerte
"No nay mayor precio que la muerte"
Sigue el camino y desciende a lo mas profundo del abismo
Donde te esperare eternamente
Para derramar mi vida entre tus dedos
Y tu boca sangrienta y sedienta de amor enfermo
Donde finalmente estara escrito mi ultimo deseoTo vanish into the hills. Past the crags where lesser gods feared to tread. Climbing. Winter whips his wrinkled face. Upward. Spinning heights atop the peak. To the wormhole. It spirals down into the darkness where she sleeps, and at the base of this evil well, her distant spawn stands and thinks his last sane thought as he pulls his broadsword from its sheath and plunges into wintry depths, never again to be seen. In free fall. The winter sky fades away. Enveloping blackness takes its place. Swallow all. For three days a sense of weight is no longer felt and aging bones begin to ache from the cold. The sound of breathing wings surround the elder hybrid, who with his blade swings. Blood erupts to fill the air. A cloud of sickly mist down in the abyss. She wriggles and writhes. Rots the world from inside. He steps forth. One battle to fight. One redemption for a short painful life. Sleep under red stars.There came a day when The Great Spirit would absorb other spirits and he would become their heir.
He will be the one not to dwell in angel but in human.
A powerful wizard and warrior who through the force of his rituals will shatter The Gates of Hell to free the powers that were unjustly imprisoned for centuries.
The opened gates of the prison will never be closed again.
And it is him who will lead to victory the countless hordes of fallen angels with hearts full of hatred to the unjust god, ready to tear him to pieces.
Bloody is the war, full of hatred and fury.
It will make the rivers flow with blood of victims once again.
And when the new dawn rises, uncovering the naked corpses of massacred angels, twisted and petrified in ironic grimace, The Hellish Wind tearing the banners of the defeated ones, will carry the hymn of victory of The Invincible Lucifer Bathed in the Light of Glory.
He will come back to once again sit among the deities on the Throne of Heaven, spreading his almighty reign on this and other worlds.
And his just rule will last for centuries.


I

The bloody sky is pierced by first lightnings
Announcing the beginning of decisive battle
Millions of armed ones at both sides
This night they will cross their blades
With the song on their lips they marched off to fight
Full of hope and valor
Ready to shed their blood
To bring back the Kingdom of the Lightbearer
The great flash roaring, tears the sky time after time
Lighting the shapes of ominous warriors
fighting covered by steel

II

In the war frenzy they spread death and destruction
Rasp and crackle of the bones crushing mixes
With the screams of the fighting
Crossed blades glitter like thunders
Heavy air like fog of the last breaths of the defeated ones
Embraces the battlefield
The army of skeletons left their graves
To stand by the side of fallen angels against god

This night the earth will be covered with thousands of naked bones
The earth will never be the same again
Absorbing the blood like a hungry vampire
Greedily craving for more

III

The trumpets of the angels call the dead to stand by their side
And meanwhile Death walks on the earth gathering the harvest
Of the battle uproar
Torn bodies, heads cut off, a real slaughter made
The stars on the sky lose their radiance for a while
Looking at the end of the age of the brave
Who did bear the greatest sacrifice the for the sake of their faith
Bloody rain poured down from the sky
Mourning for the millions of victims of this slaughter
The moon was drowned in blood
Looking like the eye of the Cyclops

IV

The fire reached the sky to consume the deceit and hypocrisy
Great earthquakes spat from the intestines of the earth the rivers of hellish lava
That firmly devoured everything that stood in its way
Changing the world in the ghastly landscape
Not of this earth
Fiery rain is the hail of the asteroids bombed
People changing this place in the land of death
Millions of souls writhe in the darkness searching for the light

The time has come when the shroud of mourning embraced the earth
The sky is as cold as lead
Hell and heaven became one
Is thee really no escape?
Does the world have to disappear?
Does a brother have to turn against a brother?Obeisance, obeisance oh glorious gimp of god
Churning bowels and rotted excretion
Disgraced devoured sadosadistic
Meaningless all it seems the purpose, the law

Orgasm evolves as faith becomes saw
Rapist seduction
The intender, stalker, collector of thoughts
Indulging in memories invoked by devil hordes

Deathfuck servants, deathfuck soldiers
From the whorehouse of "jesus"
"keep it coming and we'll send it right back"
Mangled and penetrated

Orgasm evolves as faith becomes saw
Anal fever
Uncontrollable menace of conviction
Sadosadistic

Latex bitches sucking shotguns dry
Slaves for the complex mind
Anal fever, humiliation
Slaves for the sickened

Walls of possesion entangle
Spread wide the doors of unpure pest
Clenching fists at ones chest:
FUCK YOU ALL, BE THE LAST BEFORE ETERNAL REST

Latex bitches sucking shotguns dry
Slaves for the complex mind
Sexual aggression, humiliation
Slaves for the sickened

Walls of possesion entangle
Spread wide the doors of unpure pest
Clenching fists at ones chest:
FUCK YOU ALLCome forth dawn of the Self!
Wicked power and glory bright.
Hear the music of the World;
Awake, (awake!) 'O dreadful God
Thee with fervor I glorify;
From thee I draw my nature true!

Thy thousand hosts are spread
Embattled over darkened skies;
We the faithful on life feed,
Lifting now thy mighty flame on high!

Thou who seek out the prophet false,
To purge his kin and fallacy.
Hurling him down from his towers above,
As a thunderbolt to Hell!

Bestow me with power & Will,
In secret lies the five-pointed splendor.
With Knives & Candles I embrace,
An avatar of thy greatness.
Thee with fervor I commend;
From thee I draw my nature true!

I lift up my voice and all livings tremble.
I unveil my face and all that liveth is no more.

The WORD is broken up... There is Knowledge!your bleedeing eys are self-paralyzed
wishing for more control
hypocrisy chain of command
where reality has lost its throne
a slight less seen is practical thought
a failure to rationalize
procrastinating you way thru daze
there is nothing wrong in your eyes

this is the real world no compromise
the white fire of lies is burn ing my eys

paralyzed you burnt yourself
not sticking to the walls of shame
the countless days and weeks of unrest
will return to you in justified pain
burning fiery lies corrupting fear falsified

domination will come and fold
you'll see yourself as reality tightens its hold
corrupting fire will come to an end
taking what's left and jumping to an end
you've failed in what's tried to be done
self paralyzed your reign is done

gripping reality blinded by fire
self paralyzed your life is done

you're infectious to others lives self paralyzed
immolated in your fire of lies(Instrumental)Radiation scorched shadows
In a sea of melted flesh
Comes humanity's fall
Writhing in pain with nuclear fire
We are immersed in this final
Funeral pyre

A war to end all wars upon
Death's throne
The orgy begins and below
Reigns man's thralldom

Into the abyss we bathe in eternal fire
Billions of voices cryout - consumed
By the force of 1,000 suns
A boiling cauldron overflowing with
Death... Flesh and bones... Moving
Like lava... The ultimate lust
Skies are painted with fire

Into the abyss...

Eternal fire...(Instrumental)Riding from the battle, wind in my face
Thunder crackling in the distance
Carrying the word of the High King's death

To his end, he lied a thousand times
For killing my family

His head placed on a stone
A flag for his treachery

And when the sun will shine on my lands
The light will be pure and true
When my kin return and live
Orghlaith will blossom proud and freeAs our feelings stays unshared
I will remain rejected from you
And so I stand here,
Forgotten in silenceScorching fires have been deflagrating me
for days, for nights
fusing my limbs into steaming pitch

I have died a thousand deaths
into aether
my incarnations are driven away

Black aeons have moulded my entity
frozen heavens
forging the hallowed realms

Fallen prey to my iron reign
darkened and grey
my incarnations fused into sulphur and lead

Blurred visions of blood and fire
extinction of spirits
through the tribunal of subsistence
extinction of time
through the painful curse of winter
its passing sets me free

Scorching fires have deflagrated me
fused my limbs, enflamed me
taken my realms, darkened and grey
finally expelled meSacred oaks ablaze
the night moon is weeping
tears of ash are falling
upon the fallen forest of  the dead.
We come to follow shadows
chase the ghosts of the forest away
Silence only remains
mute misery of the Popes  men at arms.
They seek our  loyalty
we seek their blood in cups of clay.
Dead forest on fire
here we make our stand.
The horns blow for  the saints in heaven
shall we ever defeat these living dead.Novus Ordo Seclorum

Putrid cross of ignorance, loss of reverence, whip of innocence
Been listening to your mourning, watching you falling

Deeper, farer, until your calling
Evoked an eerie tone, that only you alone
As a warning have known
Guess, you've tried everything
To be as me, to winback the soul I've kindly been

Treating like my only son
God's shiny angel, I am gone
and you what the hell have you become?
Abandoned son, my fairly fallen angel, come on
And tell your father, what will we become!?

Angels, we dwell in hell, humiliating and sad as well
The world succumbed, some tell
And there I stand stone-still, hence
In my own non-existance and muse upon consequence!

Blood stained clay, forth from our sacred dissaray
Someone will walk a new way
And will close the door 'twixt us and common core
Angel, did you really want this war?
Scarlet lips of indecency (Scarlet lips of perversity)
In search for a splintered tongue (Matching each face disguised)
Sharpened words of intimacy
They'll need (all) my love (They'll need my hatred)

Sapience, pierce my flesh with your thorns of irony
Angel falls and twists her wings and her gleaming breasts
will rot like foul flesh, hence worms will dance
to a macabre romance... the rape of sweetness in my eyes

Decrepitude, pierce my tongue with your womanliness
Suck the honey of my breath and tear faith apart
Scratching suicidal love on life's putrid skin
I am your mortal son, so I am sin!!!

Oh ye, in hell we are, humiliated and bizarre
How only I have reached so far, my star
And you, across that melting sky
Waiting for me to die
For everything must die, and within everything am ILaudate Dominum
Laudate Dominum
Omnes 
Gentes
Ha ha ha ha!From the depths, you feel my touch 
Look into my eyes 

I'm Pan 
I'm Satan 
Lord of all vice 
Antichrist 

Know my mercy, hear my laugh 
See your world, before the storm 

I'm Pan 
I'm Satan 
Lord of all vice 
Antichrist 

Drink my blood, eat my flesh 
Feel my pain, my little child 
In the past, where heros died 
Before my throne, to await the day 
Now your souls, Belong to me 
No time for sorrow, No place to flee 

Give to me, the mark of fealty 
Free to ravage, yours the choice 

I'm Pan 
I'm Satan 
Lord of all vice 
Antichrist 
Antichrist 
AntichristVampiric majesty 
Lyrics: NLRAM Alemsahim / March 2002

Black vampiric order has arrived
And our vulgar amazon approaches 
In compelling trembles of battlelore fro attack
Astarte for domain the lands exhort 

In her satanic utophy im poet and master of her serpents crowning death

......Akhkaru

Vampiria bloody thunder over my tongue consumes my hung
In delictive sacrifices for the triumph of moonlight fire we march by her side
At temples of high necrokali exoticness we lay 
Watching through the eyes of night with wrath
From the dagger of unnatural redemption
We spill the very doors of hell for bring the true light 

Ereshkigal grand malicious goddess of ebony
You purify all my way
Queen of lilinas mask
Herodias dancing on lagoons of my ghoul 
Sister of the nuptial jugular embrace 
I am the one who feed you until banish my existence
Nothing else care 

At arms we defend your dark faith 
 Evoking your nocturnal requiems
Warriors of funeral awakening pray drinking or your tears
Licking your infernal vulva 
We are knights at service of Luna luciferia 

Cripple siren sings 
Above the obsidian shrines to open the gates to eternity 
Seduced are mortals by the ax of dark eve 
Flesh turns to liquid, in the combat of the blood rose life fades 
Kill, fuck and cum 
To conquer all

Verses of the perverted opera of midnight
Erect the figures and portraits of her diabolical diva
The immortals worship and hail as infinite beholds the clandestine sanguine orgy 

My maiden of darkness lives 

Waiting for the embodiment of final night's fortress
Our tombs are always open for the call 
Of our vampiric majesty(Instrumental)We continue onward because of your love and promise to bask eternally in the meadows. The glimmer of gold from your hair shields me from crimson red masking my eyes. No longer am I misplaced, or forgotten in the sullen tomb. When my time comes and I have nothing left to give, when the torch dims and the fire no longer lives, I will listen to the winds. The beating of the earth, the sound of the rider of war comes to my aid to come take me away. Deep in a meditative phase, in a circle of amber and falcon feathers I am overcome by celestial beings that speak in whispers. A brush of vulgaris remind me that I am a child sworn to the soil of heathen man. Skin of porcelain, drip with blood from corpses of holy men. The pagan forest speaks of lore. Seasonal rain comes again like it does, and time will go on as it was. The ritual knife has been cleansed. We wish to purify all that has been defiled so that we may begin again.(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Twilight crawls into place as dusk sets in
The shadows grow longer around the old manor
Strong edges carve its appearance against the
sinking sun
As the sounds inside start - the damned choirs

Worshippers of the beast - souls sacrified to
Satan
Servants of the darkside - lust for power and sex
Intents in the truth of evil - trying to raise their
master

Blurred features hustling in the damp darkness
That dominates the depths beneath the house
A sinister summoning takes place in the scanty
light
Spread by soliraty torches in the wide cellars

The master of the ceremony stands naked,
chanting
His body smeared with slowly cooling sticky
blood
His hands cutting through the smoke in the air
As motion comes into the spots beyond the light

Their master arrives! - Satan, lord of darkness!

Fear jumps the ceremony leader at blank range
The stench of the unholy fills the underground
As the beast's followers scream in agony
Spitting blood by biting their tongues
Squeezing out their eyes, causing little crimson
geysirs

As they fall prey to their own insane wishesSince the first ray of light created life
The mystery about this earth has been unsolved
a creation by a superior force
the only answer before the truth was to be told
Now when we have surveyed the reality
There are stills some dreamers who believe in the holy writ
The fear of death, to be forgotten in a grave
to slowly moulder away in a pit

Forced to believe in a celestial empire after death
This sound like crap to me
you're dead when you can't breathe

Forgive us our trespasses and immortal we will be
and attain the divinity
The preaching of lies has spread out far too wide
but never during his ascendency
I don't have to believe in a figure from a fairytale
I ain't afraid of no infernal flame
A believer or an atheist - the death will be the same

Forced to believe in a celestial empire after death
This sound like crap to me
you're dead when you can't breathe

The cross - a sign of the crucifixion
of a son of god
For me just a sign of human blood
The faith - in a distracted mind
don't say no prayers for me
I am what I will be

Autocratic faith - what I can't see I can't believe
Autocratic faith - what I can't see I can't believe
Autocratic faith - you must obey your creators will
Shed no blood, do not kill
You must obey your creators will

The cross - a sign of the crucifixion
of a son of god
For me just a sign of human blood
The faith - in a distracted mind
don't say no prayers for me
I am what I will be(Instrumental)Sources waning and rubbish growing 
oil spills pouring into the sea. 
Factories and cars smoking here again. 
Gas emissions threatening the nature. 
The mess is made and is made everywhere. 
God knows how it will be with us.
The mess is in and out of the stress.
If we sorted our garbage, the life would be better.
Factory chimneys do not have filters
gallons of waste pour into the rivers.
People have no consideration for each other
they put only poison under themselves.
Heavy metals and oils
only stupid man spills them everywhere.
Garbage must be sorted
to follow the instinct of self-preservation.
PET bottles are burned at home in the furnace 
plastic is buried only by idiots.
Glass bottles lying on the ground 
these pigs have no shame.
By recycling the garbage is disposed.Gazing into the void 
My vain hopes die silently 
I'm lost in the depths full of light 
Begging to end my last journey 

Through weave of tapestry of stars 
Transcending of unknown 
The lack of oxygen in lungs 
My fate - to die alone 

Dimness in my eyes 
Eclipse of last sundown 
I won't see a new sunrise 
In shade of solar crown 

In blaze I'd agonized.. 
And end - last silent groan 
The comet made of bones and ice 
Like sign of overthrow 

I'll float in starry flow 
Millenia of empty space 
Until the plasma glow 
Will burn my corpse without trace 

New satellite of lost forgotten world 
Warmed by the distant stars 
Still unnamed constellations above 
In strange patterns of suns.Where the hell you been this is the start of the end
I thought you were a lover I thought you were a friend surprise
Your lies, just had me hypnotized

You're a snake in the grass blowing smoke up my ass
You can't be a teacher if you got no class
You lied, surprise there's a gun between your eyes

You're history because I know I can't trust you
Let alone be your lover
I heard it from a couple of friends that you were under cover...
You're in disguise in the sky

Honey, it's not who you know it's who the hell you blow
And I suppose you're gonna want me to let you go
Surprise! Don't cry! You won't be tellin' no more lies

You thought I couldn't think fink lickin' your pink
Your backs' against the wall
So would you like your final drink of corruption
Destruction! Because I ain't going alone

Passion was our thrill
You should have never gone this far one of us society will kill
You say I'm free so why you trying to take the life from me
This is the start of the end!

So here's the fuckin' deal, your soul I'll have to steal
I know you'll rape my dreams, and tell me how you feel
Surprise! Don't cry! You won't be tellin' no more lies

A little weed a little blow
I can't trust you let alone be your lover
I heard it from a couple of friends that you were under cover...
You're in disguise(Instrumental)Dark and endless stare of sister moon,
Looking down fromupon her throne.
Ablaze in full and majestic bloom.
Burning cold.

Weeping tears of blood wrath and vengeance.
Seething destructive embrace of fury.
Elders of silent knowledge awaken.
Lusting for war craving destruction.

Unholy hordes will arise to destroy,
Within the bitterness of freezing winds.
Sister moon, her halo ablaze.
Looks upon the frozen wasteland.

Winterspirits breath drives the snows of the storm.
The darkness spreads her wings.

Freezing flames,
Scorch and consume.
Marching armies,
Of cold demonic hate.

Mirrored image.
Frozen celestial gaze.
Astral constellation.
Of darkness and doom.

Unlocked are the gates of time and space.
Sister moon rides upon her warthrone.

Warm serene embrace of death,
Calm the eye of the storm.
Swirling vortex of infinite souls,
Tormented forever now set free.

The storm unholy.

Dark and endless stare of sister moon.
Looking down from upon her throne.
Ablaze in full and majestic bloom.
Burning cold.

The storm unholy.I'm a son of a bitch ready to stitch 
You muthers not ready to rock 
I've shed all my tears & ain't got no fears 
& they key to my heart bears no lock 

Hell has granted me three wishes 
Life - Death - Immortality 
I will ride the wings of darkness 
Fuck your blessed trinity 

Coz I'm bursting - I'm bursting out 
Coz I'm bursting - I'm bursting out 

I'm a bastard & brave I'm nobodies slave 
I'm telling you once & for all 
Breaking the laws coz I know the score 
Waiting on nobodies call 

Hell has granted me three wishes 
Life - Death - Immortality 
I will ride the wings of darkness 
Fuck your blessed trinity 

Coz I'm bursting - I'm bursting out 
Coz I'm bursting - I'm bursting out 

Let's burst right out of here 
"Let's go"Hard roads and endless lines flow through his veins
Cold steel and hot fuel injected 's the dream that fills his brain
But no, not slow, the speed fever grows
He rides, he sees, he knows

CHORUS:

You've got to ride to live, live to ride
Feel the flames burn inside
And though you know, you ride to hide
You ride to live to ride

Life's short and goes too fast, most pages burn
Don't wait, the end's too near, some people never learn
You all won't fall, the road fever calls
So run or fly, don't crawl

REPEAT CHORUS

Ride on and don't look back, you can't change what's done
Drive hard for grater glories, you all must be someone
So win, don't show, let the life fever go
The world is yours you know

You've got to ride to live, live to ride
Feel the flames burn inside
And though you know, you ride to hide
You ride to live to(Instrumental)Rivers of blood
Run all over the world
Violence is here to stay
The seed of hate
And evil has been sown
The forces of evil attack
Of evil attack

Born to kill
You'll carry all your life
An animal instinct
That will never leave you
Your fate is marked
By your inmortal hate
By your will of power
Only blood and violence
Peace don't exist

If you want peace
Be ready for war
If you want peace
Be ready for war
Peace is false
Peace is utopia
Peace is another lie
There is the last sign of lifeBorn in an alley way
Crawling I make my way
To a pure dissonant reality
Innocence lost before conceived

Bastard one growing sole
Dealing life toe to toe
Heart-heartedness I redefine
Concrete niche of jaded time

My heart runs on diesel
My blood filled with diesel
My heart runs on diesel
My veins filled with diesel

Hard as rock, cold as stone
Body like a block of rigid bone
Pumped solid unyielding steel
Crust-like layer, yet still I feel

Penetrating thoughts producing focused mind
Wit imbalance bait for native's crime
Beating problem with solution
Get what you can, no restitution

Outside world uninviting to my kind
Habitual surroundings institutionalised
Inquisition into the unknown
Discovering an inner tone

Beginning to see
Clearly within me
Breaking the walls down
Feel my feet tread on new ground
Running free
I am me"Tristitia salvatoris,
Tristitia purissima,
Tristitia immaculata,
Rosa mystica,
Martyrum afflictorum,
Hibernum spirituale,
Paene confessorum,
Poenitentia in lacrima,
Poena salvatoris,
Pauperem anima,
Tormentum aether,
Reflexionem in tribulationis
Boscus perpetuum."

We are preachers
Of innocence's light,
Winter is our fate,
Clouded our days.

All white is snow
Deep in the night,
Wind blowing soft
Among us.

Night soft sweet snow 
Deep in the path of procession
And little lights
Of our hands 
Fall
Into the ethereal
Forest.

"The dreams are in the cave to astral Babilonys.
Marduk, Belzeebub, Nergal, Samael Lilith, gods of our world. 
If I'm in the path of dreams my Immortality is gone. 
A world of false prophets is this."

We are preachers
of innocence's light,
winter is our fate,
clouded our days,
clouded days over our forest.
My winter I want to bless
wind blowing soft
among us.Divergence sparks at the crossroad
Challenging intuition into conflict
Inconsistent current, conveys the way of the path divided
The flame burning through the flesh

Convictions forge the culmination into greater ideals
The decisive moment way beyond recognition
A journey through the endless doors
I do not resent time but understand the reason behind

But the choices have branded my memoirs
This has to be, for the need has exceeded
Forth the path, death I shall not fear
My will reborn from the pain I have suffered

I am the none seeker of exemption
I shall bear the mark of liberation(Instrumental)DAY 1. SIRENS WAIL IN WEIRD, LOW FREQUENCIES, VIBRATING THE HAIRS ATTACHED TO SOMETHING WEAK AND DYING, UNAWARE OF ITS OWN RAGING SICKNESS. MIGHTY TEMPESTS ABROAD THE HORIZON GATHER TREACHEROUSLY IN STRENGTH, AND BENEATH THE CRUST, THE FIRES SCOLD THE EARTH'S FOUNDATION. SOME FEEL THE EARTH'S CORE SHIVER, AND THE STENCH OF WARM BLOOD; MOST, HOWEVER, FEEL SOME OTHER SHIT. BUT ALL IS SILENCE. THIS IS THE DAY THEIR LORD RESERVED FOR SACRED REST, WHICH IS BITTERLY SARCASTIC BECAUSE TODAY, NO ONE CARES ABOUT THEIR PRECIOUS LORD... "TODAY WE'RE ALL HAPPY AND TODAY WE LAUGH; TODAY, WE DO NOT CARE ABOUT OUR PRECIOUS LORD; TODAY THE LORD CAN NOT DO A SINGLE THING FOR US! SO WE BRING DISGRACE OVER OUR LORD'S WORD". THE FIRST DAY IS THE DAY OF SILENCE. 

DAY 2. A NAUSEOUS STORM WHIPS THE GLOBE INTO FURY AND MADNESS; MOLOTOV COCKTAILS THROWN IN ARROGANT FACES. HUMAN FEET TRAMPLE THE BODIES OF THE POLICE; THE SCENT OF FUCKED HUMAN MEAT AND WARM ASPHALT. THOUSANDS OF BLACK SCREENS REPORT FROM THE The dark flower through the walls of sorrow.
Where a man behind his bars,
Has never tasted the touch of rain.
His innocent soul cries
For his ferocious face.
All nature's beauty was locked outside
Of his brazen cell where
The forest's clouds couldn't come.

You can see what the night bird can see,
You can hear the wrath of the winds,
But the dust of your cold cell
Have closed up all, even your dreams.
You only travel your thoughts to the unknown
And wish death to visit you.
Oh! Death listen to my voice
I beg you...
Join me6. Primal instincts

Supressed primal instincts, 
I'm told not to express,
ten thousand years of agriculture 
force me to repress.
If I lived by nature, 
I'd live by dominance.
But cops and courts and prisons 
make me play this game of chess..
Perfect plastic people; 
inside's a fucking mess.
Everyone's about to snap 
but most just won't confess.
When civilized life crumbles, 
and none of this is left
Won't hesitate when I must 
stab this knife into your chest.


There's really nothing else.. 
to sit and contemplate.
I just want to stab you so 
that you can feel my hate.
Why are you still here? 
I think you're fucking fake.
Your pitiful existence tells me 
I should seal your fate.
I don't want to see you; 
I hate your fucking face.
I should just fucking kill you 
so that I don't have to wait.
Your life means fucking nothing.. 
you insignificant waste.
What else must I say so you'll 
forever leave this place?(Instrumental)Eternal blasphemy
Eternal dark
Eternal madness
Eternal pain

This mind
Insane
This life
Suffered
This war
To the cross
My fight
Against their lies

This covenant
Is for myself
This lunacy
Is for you

Who can remember
This paranoia
Is forever(Instrumental)The wind calls your name forever
blowing away days together
I'm only a child butt I feel
like I will die tomorrow.
Something's wrong with me
I see you every where
and all the things you said to me
now are burning in my head.
When I walk so lonely
our pleasure is only a dream
I can't think about you anymore
I think all my life's been wasted.
We are in different plains
the sky is turning red
I'm always on the road and I don't
know the city where I'll stay
something's wrong...
Through time nd space
you are in me, girl
you are always in my dreams
of love, peace and joy.
We touch our seventh heaven
but nothing
lasts forever
maybe you'll fly free someday.
Can't live without love
My life's been wasted
now you've got the chance to change your life
Stormy weather
I can't find any place to go
My eyes can't see you
but it seems like you are everywhere.In the city streets, In the forest trees
In the inne self, In the living hell
At the place of work, Sleeping on my own
I always hate till I'm fucking dead
Irresponsible Misanthropic Existence.Healthy Brains
Instincts, reflections
No spare movements
Order in all
Brain is inverted on the death level
Morbid heritage of depraved sex
Nature's reward is mortal hypnoses
Force of the words are directed in brain
You are rabbit for an experiment
Your complaint mind
Is in my power
Glassy eyes are full of fear
Soften body in convulsions of death
Shocking pain is killing you
In every cell of brain I'm filtering
You've made mad
By the stress of words mind is destroyed
Insane brains are aspiring outside
Face are swelling of blood thrust
Bloody tears on pale face
Swollen Tongue is stuffing the breath
Bloody scum is flowing from the mouth
Stinking vomit is in the throat
Choking smell is ripping a nasopharynx
You've choked by stomach juice
By influence of words I've destroying you brain
And brain have killed you!Outside his chamber
The torches are quenched
By bitter winds and rain.
Emptiness and total stillness.

Silence rules in pallid dawn.
The Master is finally gone.Repulsion towards the cross
Led by christ's soldiers
The ones who burned your family
And want to destroy your gods

Blessed by the god of war
you formed your great army
Trained to be merciless at war
Against those deceitful scum

Extreme hatred you feel
against the enslavers
but you must resist to 
attack at the wrong time
for victory is at risk

"Two armies are gathered
 to fight
 One aims for retribution
 The other to conquering 
 with insane ambition"

No, You won't surrender
there is no turning back
Revenge will be your price
an obligation you cannot avoid

See the flash of the blade
and hear the strike of the steel
Raise yours sword again
and penetrate their poisonous flesh(Instrumental)My flesh consumed in the darkness (5x)
Wake up, feeding time
You are the chosen one
To taste the living flesh
Cannibalistic meal
Slice the leg in peices
Drink the pouring blood
Suck my hurting body
Feast on my warm limbs
Slice the leg in peices
Drink the pouring blood
Suck my hurting body
I want to see
You are tasting me
I want to see
My flesh consumed
Wake up, feeding time
You are the chosen one
To taste the living flesh
Cannibalistic meal
Slice the leg in peices
Drink the pouring blood
Suck my hurting body
I want to see 
My flesh consumed
I tear off my cock
And shove it down your throat
This was my darkest wish
To see me being eaten
Wake up
Slice the leg in peices
Drink the pouring blood
Suck my hurting body
Nothing is left to rot, no body will decay
Devoured and consumed, my life has ended nowA wayward country spirit, with mischievous intent
Lurking in the midnight woodland where all hope is spent
In wait upon old Neasham road, dimly lit by lanterns glow
He haunts this murky realm at dusk, where the waters flow

Dressed in tattered rags, windswept and grim

Beware your soul wary traveller
Don't stop on the road wary traveller
Sleep well in the village weary traveller
For Hob cannot pass the Old Kent Bridge

A lonely drunken coachman in easy prey for Hob
In the cold still night, a deadly chill, an eerie call on the wind
Hob lurches from the darkness, as if floating on the breeze
The horses lost unto the night, the terrified coachmen flees

Clothes as black as Whitby jet, a gaunt and dishevelled figure

Beware Hob Headless, be not careless
When you're travelling Neasham bound
Beware Hob Headless, for he is restless
When you return to Hurworth town

Night upon night he feeds
Trick after trick he seeds
Until too many travellers bleed

A wizened and hollow spectre, arms too long for his squat body

Buried under a great stone; his woes never felt again
For all that sit upon this stone; will never be free again
In 99 years and a day; he will rise again
And peace will be ruined; he will rise againreclaim..!!
hear the malevolent voices of your inner disgrace
crawling thy mind, hunger for sanity

forsake..!!
tired of the solitude of an empty life
recreating a sight of a false paradise

frozen winds, cold as ice
coming every night in the form of a lonely heart
one more sleepless night
clamoring for the thirst of wisdom you don't have
the most darkest desire
the desire that carries to your own perdition

gloomy hands of anger and hysteria
for now you are my only companion
my sorrow is unseen
my tears are unseen
as i wallow in the storm of a forbidden belief

the abstract desire
the only one, the one you think deserve
cursed way to the vortex of the mind
consuming your human side..!!
devouring your human soul..!!We Must Be at the Cave of Ridges Before Dawn (Repeat)BLASPHEMING IN THE NAME OF REASON
STARTING BIBLE BONFIRES IN THE STREET
COMMITTING RELIGIOUS HIGH TREASON
WE ARE THE DEFIANT ATHEIST ELITE

NO PLACE FOR DIVINITY
NO PLACE FOR HYPOCRISY
NO PLACE FOR DELUSIONS
NO PLACE FOR THE CROSS

MOCKING THEIR IMPOTENT GOD
ANTICHRIST LEGION OF UNHOLY TRUTH
DISCLOSING THE LIE, EXPOSING THE FRAUD
WE ARE THE UNHALLOWED CHOSEN FEWOh south spirit
Remove the sea wind
Recall the first flame
Awake the beast under the snow
In three shades
The sign of evil existence
Engraved in rain
Above the circle where tyrants dwell

Summon Glohithia
Appear in the snake shape
Bring down upon me
For last time all forest's (secrets)

The sign of evil existence
In the four points of horizon
The secrets buried under smoky land
It'll take ages and ages come back
The wind is here now
The see is divided
The flame reburn inside me
The beast return in the snowy land

Summon Glohithia
Appear in the snake shape
Bring down upon me
For last time all forest's (secrets)From the times old as man
From the endless white flat country
Blows forceful frosty wind
Pungent like a hurting snowblind
How many times has the man waged
This beforehand lost encownter
How many times has the man know
That it won't be any next time
Ocean of white snow - drifts
So strange and unwaited couple
Fear shiving in the air
When white is the signal of black
With blizzard comes the secret now
With false courage then warrior's end
The frost giant's daughter - phantom of ecstasy
Threshold of exhausting - let me see a true love
The frost giant's daughter - ecstasy of phantom
Threshold of exhausting - let me see a true death(Instrumental)Dark was the dawn and biting was the air
The strong wind of death blew in the snowy plain
While the warriors of two tribes
Were waiting to fight for their lives

Hard were the times and cruel was the price
To pay to survive in this dark age
And so blew the deep battle horns
The sharp iron drank blood without rest

They fought as the lions, against the hungry dogs
They died like men, on the blood stained snow

In the fury of battle born a son of king
"Victory" was written on the book of doom
His father gave him a mighty sword
And told him: "You always trust in this faithful steel"

When he grew strong as the storm
He went through the world thirsty for vengeance
Until he found the wicked man
And the strong wind of death blew again

They fought as the lions, against the hungry dogs
He won like a hero, on the blood stained stone(Instrumental)We are proud of all our technology
That takes mankind to the moon
But we have not succeeded yet
In giving everybody bread
Something must be wrong,
something must be done real soon

Good old Europe and the Western world
Burn their wheat fields to keep their prices high
Lives are traded for money now and will be forever

Still the world is sad, millions to be fed
Justice, peace and liberty only for the dead
People have no have bread
Arms we build instead
Injustice, war and slavery rule the world

Insane dictators send children to war
And they don't even know
what they are fighting for.
But we have not succeded yet in stopping these
berserk and mad
leaders of the third world who let their people die

Good old Europe and the Western world
Burn their wheat fields to keep their prices high
Lives are traded for money now and will be forever

Still the world is sad, millions to be fed
Justice, peace and liberty only for the dead
People have no have bread
Arms we build instead
Injustice, war and slavery rule the world

Still the world is sad, the tears that have been shed
Could fill the seven seas of this world so sad
Children go to war
How long can we ignore
Warfare and starvation in this world
Countless words were said,
nothing has happened yet
Still the world is sad, so sad(Instrumental)Come with me and you will see your redeemer. 
Raping purity and innocence, forsaken tragedy. 
Beleaguered souls are sold. Here you will stay. 
Blackened destiny piercing through, let me show you for I am pain. 

Summoned again. 
I am pain, my domain. 
Trapped inside this puzzle box. 
Cannot be undone. 
Leeching your life away, no right or wrong. 
I am pain. 

Demons to some, angels to others. 
We'll show you the way. 
Sentencing your life's blood, the joy of flesh. 
Join us and you will see these amazing sights to show. 
Pain? How dare you speak that word. For I am... I am pain. 

Summoned again. 
I am pain, my domain. 
Trapped inside this puzzle box. 
Cannot be undone. 
Leeching your life away, no right or wrong. 
I am pain. 

Toymaker, hellseeker. Sacrifice your first born. 
Mark of death cast down on you, toymaker. 

Toymaker, your desire. 

I am pain 
Summoned again. 
I am pain, my domain. 
Trapped inside this puzzle box. 
Cannot be undone. 
Leeching your life away, no right or wrong. 
I am pain.Victims slaughtered, maimed in blood
sacrificed for power and all it does
trails of mutilation line their path
decades of madness, expulsion on wrath.

Decades of slaughter,
reign in torture.

Positions of intrest, message made clear
kill or be killed, fear or be feared.
A rise toward master of all families
but tables can turn without no mercy.

Decades of slaughter,
reign in torture.

Victims slaughtered, maimed in blood
sacrificed for power and all it does
A rise toward master of all families
but tables can turn without no mercy.We are all murderers 
 by living we kill 
 You must consume to survive 
 or be consumed and die 

 Every parent kills their child 
 By being born, you're condemned to die 

 I am change 
 I am flow 
 in constant limbo 

 out of the most innocuous detail 
 The world is undone 
 without possibility of reversalMy fear is gone, all I feel is hatred
Stench of rotting corpses fulfills my senses
Bloodstained ground under my feet tears my mind
We must fight to the bitter end and cross the line

Monument of revenge, day of ours
Heritage of hate, fire inside
Crushed by enemy, still standing tall
No morality, only victory

Dust and dirt is all what is left
Our homes have burnt in to ruins
Honour and pride
Is all we got
That's something
They cannot take away(Instrumental)Squeege
Squeege will remain
Nazi gloves of pain
Got lots of...
Red stuff Blue stuff
Green stuff Pink stuff
Orange stuff Brown stuff

Squeege
Has high IQ
Squeege is smarter than you
Bookbag of death
Insane violence

Squeege has no man boob
Squeege owns you noobLeading in a dark embrace
I look to your tormented face
You want to stand in my stead
Your pain is not for me!

You will fall!
Down the cross!
Demise of the crown!
I'm your thorn!

Praise me!
I am first who'll kill your sacrifice
Praise me!
You welcome death with open arms

Lead: LES

Blood runs like a rain, to inundate your pain
You are masochist? You're suffering, from my sins

I'm tread upon your flesh
To hear your silence breath
I see you feeble creep
Your pain will never be for me!

You will fall!
Down the cross!
Demise of the crown!
I'm your thorn!

Praise me!
I am first who'll kill your sacrifice
Praise me!
You welcome death with open arms

Lead: BART

Praise me!Together we march! Towards the battle!
With our powerful hearts
Starlight guide us! Show us the way!
Its cold light reflects our victory
(Victory)

10.000 men to the glory they rode, and they fell!
Where the heroes die...
10.000 dreams to oblivion
remember them forever more.

Clouds are hiding the pale moonlight
we smell the death close to us
I promised give my life and fulfill the prophecy
but the gods failed us the stars are coming down
(Like arrows)

Altough we'll fight, we know we'll die!
As heroes we'll fight 'til the end!

10.000 men to the glory they rode, and they fell!
Where the heroes die...
10.000 dreams to oblivion
remember them forever more.(Instrumental)45 Room
Smelling Loneliness
Forgotten Zone
Terminal Sickness

Growing So Far Away
Of Humanity
The Pulled The Plug
Not So Long Ago

Not Higienic Nurishment
Created Beings
Inside Of Me
Slowly I'm Dying

Purgative Drugs
Was Not Enough
Hetched Maggots
Lurking My Guts

I Crying For Salvation
Forgotten By The World
Creeping Through My Nose
Descomposition Stench
Creating On Me
Intestinal Gouges
On Gastric Habitat
Parasites

I Want To Die
I Reek Of Death
The Forgotten Zone
Of Terminal SicknessCome to pass - The age of apocalypse
Free from death - At last
Carnage, war rages - Jehovah God
His wrath burns this world

New world order,none shall stand
To face the wrath of God
To tread through massive bloodletting
This war rages on!

But all shall see Son of Man shall reign as King
Evil minions of hell shall die
Where they stand! Consumed by flames!
False prophet - To lead the flock astray

Human inferno - Slaves with wrong beliefs
Self induced bloodshed - From man made law
If only seen with their own eyes
Would not have to fall

Violent crimes - shall live through our time
As written in the word
Deaths numbers shall grow
The Lords curtain call
Satan shall bow before - THE ONE TRUE GOD
DYING-AGEBerjalan dalam gelap
Peluh tangis dan darah
Penuh harap satu nyawa
Tak bernyawa dalam jiwa
Hitam kelam arah mata

Surga ada impian hidup
Harapan amerta didalam cemas
Puncak kematiaan didalam otak
Gelisah didalam amukan panas
Jiwa busuk membunuh
Abu neraka berharap surga
Umat minim nyawamu hadir
Pemimpin bermain bersama nyawa
Devisit empati 
Rasa iba
Lenyap disurgamu
Dimana nurani
Miskin empati
Mulut politis
Berbunga bangkai
Semerbak darah
Mengalir dalam hati
Devisit empaty dijiwa
Dalam kelam surga dunia
Devisit empaty dihati
Hanya lirikanmu di neraka

Nyawaku adalah mainanmu
Darahku adalah anggur merahmu
Devisit empati meradang di jiwa
Air mataku pelega jiwamuAll in all, the shapes form lies in every word you sing
All in all, it's fading fast, like the dawn in spring
All the summer songs used to be clear to me
All the summer songs fade away in the day.Through the gates of west, the rising tide billows
The primal sea of raging Chaos
Raising the element of dark water
Beast of the great ocean of night
Tear down the veil between you and me
And reveal your throne, O Leviathan!

From beyond all worlds
And from beyond all times
Come with your wrathful aspects
Let go of from your own tale
And let the circle be broken
And bless this raised grail, full of your elixir

May your gnosis touch this vibrant grail
Toast of liberation, the womb of night
Raised in your pitch black darkness
Dragon of racing sea of death
Set this magical weapon afire
With your sinister light
And bestow your powers on it
Great dragon of western gates, Leviathan

From beyond all worlds
And from beyond all times
Come with your wrathful aspects
Let go of from your own tale
And let the circle be broken
And bless this raised grail, full of your elixir

I'm drowning in this chalice
Which has been shaped into your dreadful image
Into this vast, arcane sea of emptiness
Whose deep currents I shall once dwell...Black rebellion under my skin
And the stars are the passion of my fire
Skeleton throne , mark of blood
Signs of hate , signs of truth
My soul is a blaze in everything 
My soul is a ruin , a scourge , a judge.
I am the nail and the crown
I lie between the cross and the lies.
I am a shadow and more than one
The evil in flesh
Oblivion is my silence
Discord from the past.Where the wind blows I am
Where the wind blows I will always be

In the pale shadow
The voices around me
Screams in my soul and heart

Where are they?
What are they?
Their faces I can't see
But they are in my dark forest
Crawling around the trees
And in the whispering grass
Covering my loneliness

In the sunset
In the sunrise
I will always be there

The shivering voice of the ghost
I am the shivering voice of the ghost

No light shall sear my being, my evil being
Soon I shall walk with earthly feet
You summoned me in your dreams(Instrumental)(Instrumental)DM- NOTHING EVER COMPARED TO
THE PAIN DELIVERED BY HOPE
THIS REASSURING DERISION
TO BELIEVE IN ILLUSIONS

ABSTRACTION OF ALL DESIRES
THAT IS THE WAY TO SUICIDE
IN A WORLD NOURISHED BY LIES
NO ONE CAN FULFIL HIS LIFE

FAILURE AFTER FAILURE
MORE THAN THE HEART CAN ENDURE,
LIFE BECOMES A SLOW TORTURE
UNTIL THE GRAND DEPARTURE

AGING FASTER THAN TIME PASSES,
DON'T IMPLORE TO START OVER
WISHES RARELY EVER COME TRUE
WHEN YOUTH GROWS OLD TOO FAST 

Lead: Pier-Luc Lampron

FAILURE AFTER FAILURE
UNTIL THE GRAND DEPARTURE
FAILURE AFTER FAILURE
UNTIL THE GRAND DEPARTURE

Lead: Daniel MongrainDesolate, empty landscape of living creatures
Possessed by a creature not of this world
Staring, with eyes glowing red, upon the body of the tonal
Nothing here can oppose this being of total nothingness yet it possesses all

Dreams of a world, vanquished
Realization of all and none
Illuminate

Qliphothic storms blowing inside
Unstoppable force of beautiful destruction
Enter into this world and vanquish it's deceitful ways
Bless me with nothingness, bathe me in death

Illusions of a world, vanquished
Realization of all and none
Illuminate

Bless me with nothingness, bathe me in death!When time stands alone
With no resounding tone
The silent divine movement is all

The dragon-head, the lunar one
The ascending node's hallowed son
And his chariot of black fire...

The perpetual shade of night
Echoes with pleading whispers
Om Ram Rahve Namah!
Behold the Asura's curse

When all skies turn to black
With light disappearing on his track
And distant echoes fade in the horizon

Afflicted with fire and flame
That the chosen ones are to tame
The leprosy of the mind shall rage on

And the sulphur fumes of night
Suffocate the shouts and curses
Om Ram Rahve Namah!
Behold the rise of God's hearseIf my senses won't come to me
I better come to my senses
But I can't
I'm too scared of being scared

Like saving cancer-mice from labs
Or half-eaten flies from cobwebs
No sense of reality
Or of concequence

Come come...
Oh don't bother
I'll just embrace myself
And while I'm at it
I'll just lift myself up by the hair

I'm not here

So you've all gathered here
To knock some sense into me
Go away, can't you see I'm busy
Dying of fear of dying?

- Imagine what the world would be like if everyone were to think like you
Well, they don't so shut up

Well I've got a candied heart
But I'm afraid to use it
So what more can I do
Than entertain my demons
In this comic tragedy called lifeSei shing kai sei ang ong pa sei koku ryuh doh rang hi shi mu eng kong fuh soku satsu ang teng

* Hei getsu moku rui raku ryuh ji haku ei geng syutsu rai ming kai
So ha sui hoh kyoh mu rang soh ji goh kyoh kai hoh kyoh
Ah ko seng shi seng rai kyuh kong sya ba sei kai

** Ja mu rai ju bu rai kyoh ing kyoh ju mu rai

Sei ei bi sei kyo teng kai cyoh sui mei kai ji ji ja syoh yo myoh zeng ji rei mu shoh

(repeat *)

Ju seng bu ryoh kyu gi kong ah ma doh ryah

(repeat **)

Kyoh kyoh rang ki jing jing kai mu ketsu mu tsu mu kang syoh gi ma goku kohLook in to my eyes the fire that burns inside. Like the flames of time it will never die.
Born under the sign of the moon Invoked by the forces of doom
To the kingdom where the sound of the dead echoes
And swords of warriors buried under the sands of time
Where mighty kings lived and kingdoms fight
To praise the ancient war gods

In the beginning the feared and worshipped him
The true master of this world
But as time passed he was forgotten by his servants
And become a mere shadow of the sun

We will circle the prepared altar with gold and silver shine
and our black moon will shine above us as a demon
to call forth the one arise goatlord

Stories to children dark fairytales of evilness
They thought he died but how can a nature die
He is inside us all Desire - Imagination - Greed and Hunger
The time has come to set the beast free

Ah the river turned to blood of the pure of heart
The storms rages inside as the beast turned loss
The lord have returned to the world And
The fake duties vanished away for good

The true nature reviledAncient warriors, troops of hell
Demon commands, parsons to fell
Ironbound horse, twinkling gaze
Marching to win, black laws to raise
Satan's army, shields and swords
Crying "Deliverance", raising their lords
Barking sleuthhounds on the parsons trail
Lucifer's warriors are bringing their gale

Hell troops conquer, burning the church
Raising hellfire, satanic rules to urge
Reaper takes, commander's black
The living deads at his back

Deliverance, Black demon
Breaking the trance, Black demon
Exposing the evil, Black Demon
To that bastards lethal, Black demon
Tonight

Heart of iron, he scorns the priest
Satan he serves, sanctifies the beast
He drinks the venom, desecrates the shrine
Dethroning god, leaving his mortal sign
Satanic lord takes away the scourge
He frees all mankind from the church
Condemns the moral, raises the sin
Revenging the tortured and the loosers winI know nothing but CHRIST and HIM crucified 
Ignorance misleads fetters and deceives men 
A deceived heart turns from GOD 
And the eyes and ears are shut 
Having the understanding darkened 
Alienated from GOD through ignorance 
Because of the blindness of the heart 
Yet HE stands at the door and knocks... Receive HIM 
Unconscious deterioration of man 
The worshippers of themselves reject GOD 
And know not that they are miserable poor blind and naked 
Satan has blinded the minds of those who don''t believe 
They worship themselves as their gods 
The only way to ETERNAL LIFE 
Is an individual relationship with GOD through HIS SON 
For those who are perishing 
The message of the CROSS is foolishness 
But those who have received CHRIST 
Will have EVERLASTING LIFE 
If you believe HIM and receive HIS word 
He''ll treat you as HIS disciple 
Then you will know the truth 
And the truth will set you free 
I know nothing but CHRIST and HIM crucified(Instrumental)Now there is just one thing left to be delt with now. The evil one will not live To plot again. We search for him in this land. We search it high and low. Has he gone in hiding or is he mixing the stones? She will not wake.  She will not move. She won't even make a sound. We must find a way to awake her before the stones come alive. We must find this tyrant, and bring him to an end. To ensure the freedom of our common man. We search to the highest mountain. We search all through the caves. Where is this Gaarnak hiding? And then we hear the words. "He is in the cave of trials. He is mixing the stones. Melinda will awaken, And turn your flesh into stone." Our destiny inscribed in this moment. Choose sacrifice or the end. Melinda's soul is gone, Her body now remain. Evil spells around us. Choose our fate now. The ghost now speaks to us. Words that make me scared. You must now end Melinda. You must take her life. I know this is a burden that you can hardly bare. But there is no other choice. You must do it now! NOW! (Erik) Never will I take her life. For she is my flesh and blood. For the must certainly be yet another way. We'll search all through the mountains.  We'll search all through the caves. To find the evil Gaarnak. And end this vicious game. Now! Our destiny inscribed in this moment. Choose sacrifice or the end. Melinda's soul is gone, Her body now remain. Evil spells around us. Choose our fate now. Melinda now arises. From the dirt, the soil. Her eyes are full of anger. Her eyes are full of death. I see a cloud above us. Spirits gathering around. This is the final magic. That our souls are bound. We will become as ashes. We will become as ashes. We will become as ashes. So I have made my choice. I must end her life. As I unsheathe my sword. I tremble as Erik cries. I move in to strike her.  I pierce my sword in her. She is now released. From her mortal form. Our destiny inscribed in this moment. Choose sacrifice or the end. Melinda's soul is gone, Her body now remain. No spells around us. Released from the Spell.From the Depths to the Peaks
Listen to the Voices of Worlds

Swallow the Seed of Knowledge Sail the Seas of Vision
Crush the Walls of Conscience
Close your Eyes to see
Bite the Serpent's head
Wash your Feathers
Take Dead's hand

Come join the Dance !(Instrumental)(Instrumental)The Devil is in the mirror
You see Him every day
The Devil is in the ceiling
You see Him every night

Psychedelic Evil
Serotonin on LSD

[Solo: Diabolus]

The Devil is in your head
You see Him with your eyes shut
The Devil is always with you
He is laughing frantic on your shoulder

[Solo: Trondr Nefas]

The Devil is in the ceiling
You see Him every night

[Solo: Trondr Nefas]

Psychedelic Evil

The Devil

Psychedelic Evil
The Devil is always with you

[Solo: Trondr Nefas]
[Solo: Diabolus](Instrumental)In a constant state of ouver-stimulation
And we're not afraid to let our bodies die
We join the world of their cruel, coild design
Pacified, digitized beings are slowly inducted

Our prison state becomes a state of mind
Ambivalent towards everything
Constantly immersed in our misinformation
The truth we seek is pulling us in every...

Minds preoccupied
The trivial diverts our lives
A cage we can't perceive
Simulating reality

Distract and sub-divide
Voluntarily dehumanized
Accruing misery
Perfecting slavery

Crave a smile of vacant contentment
And find serenity in the machine
This mechanism for greed and hate
Drives us to exceed our needs

Can't you see our ambition makes us cruel?
Can't you see our ambition makes us ugly?
Capacity for love now dissipates
Join in the procession towards our fate

Minds preoccupied
The trivial diverts our lives
A cage we can't perceive
Simulating reality

Distract and sub-divide
Voluntarily dehumanized
Accruing misery(Instrumental)Hice un pacto con la libertad 
y las llamas del infierno 
resurgiendo el instinto animal que todo hombre lleva adentro 
Siento arder mi sangre dentro 
de esta tempestad 
Puedo ver mi sombra atravesando la ciudad 

Libre...libre...por siempre...libre...libre...libre! 

Coro: 
Yace un mundo de poder 
en los rumbos del asfalto 
Actitud por defender 
juro mi lealtad 
por haber nacido desde el reino de las sombras 
por haber nacido solo una vez 

Hablan de peligro y de temor 
asesinos de la tierra 
no conocen cuanto es mi dolor 
por su maldici? 
Puedo oler el miedo 
sin tener piedad 
soy guardi?del universo 
libre sin fronteras 

Libre...libre...libre 

(Coro) 

Solo 

(Coro) 

Libre 
(Libre) 
Libre 
(Libre) 
Libre 
(Libre) 
Libre 
LIBREForce ravenous armoured attack
Shatter civilisation
Metal curse, blitz assault
Skull fucked to burn

Demons shaped in grinding steel
Spit flame and destruction
Forward thrust to bring all down
Leaving trail of desolation

Might held in iron fist
Devils hammer strike
Crushing blow devastate
Murder the living earth

Infant children burning bright
Lighting up the night
Panzers grinding mass grave piles
Sathanas roars truimphIn my head the many echoes of what I said. 
Uncertain what is was or is. 

The sun rises once more, I witness: the warmth, the ray, flinching void. 

I'm still alive, contrary to my plans, it did not feel right, something I might miss. 

I don't know what will be next time, but for now, I...
 I'm returning home.Crushed by divinity - all hope will fade away

Crawling - mourning, I'll see through your mind
Ignorance and stupidity dwells in you
I refuse to live in a society of ants - your pain heals me

2000 years of chaos and until now you still don't see
that your life means nothing - blindfolded
merciless I'll be ... my hammer you'll meet
through god's failure I breed
souls shall bleed

a failure of existence that mankind
breeds throughout theese years
a pathetic attempt of foolish preaching
ill-natured agony I see ... the hammer you'll meet
through god's existence we bleed
souls to feedSanctum Satanas
Sanctum Satanas
Sanctum Satanas
Sanctum Satanas
Sanctum Satanas
Sanctum Satanas
Sanctum Satanas

Blessed be the temple
Adorned with no symbol

Consecrated Cave by Master and Mistress
Chained in a union of Incest

The Fyres
Thy Powers

Nexion to the Dark Ones
Draped in incense, chants and blood
Holder of the Scarlet Keys
Wreathed by Saturn (Might)

We are the open Abyss
Gushing with Atrocities
The Sinister Calling

Life to the Gods of Night
On the seventh day of my Death - Path

BINAN ATH GA WATH AM

Procession of Black Fraters
Led by Whore and Mother
The Bride of my Lust before my Death

Temple filled with Depth so Black
Shining Eyes cast only Light
Speak to our Gods!

NYTHRA KTHUNAE ATAZOTH

Congregation, orgy and mass
BINAN ATH GA WATH AM
We greet our guest
With a kiss of love
Mistress .....
....my sacred Fyre

NYTHRA KTHUNAE ATAZOTH
The masked guardian!
Come Forth!

NYTHRA KTHUNAE ATAZOTH
Dagger! Strike!
In my last glimpse... I hear.......

NYTHRA KTHUNAE ATAZOTH
I can see it.....
I can feel it....

NYTHRA KTHUNAE ATAZOTH
To the World Beyond

.........Dark Lords Beckon........De zon verdwijnt achter de bomen
Mist vult het landschap
De sombere grijze lucht wordt langzaam donker
En dan valt de zwarte nacht

In het donker brandt slechts een licht
Een licht, het oog van hij die dwaalt
In de lang vergeten woudenAsphyxiation by flames
infernal death I die
bring darkness by thy name
I deny my soul to enter through the light

Gods of prey
to taste my flesh in the flames of death
burn into me
the symbols of hate
once my soul is blessed

Lord of all mortal filth
invert my fleh for rebirth in the fires of torment
angel of the bottomless pit
excruciate with flames
and thrust all darkness into me

He who kills the world
shall be crowned almighty king
born of a plauge, spawned from the dregs
I storm the dregs(Instrumental)The blood is not dry on our ancient sins,
As I speak to you in the present mine eyes see a
terrible future do you not see what I see?
Do you not see your own death approaching?
From sinners regrets
I gather true strength
and all will be right
if you die, alone
The mournful cry of children shall shatter the peace
and shake the foundations of heaven, as nightmares realized are true
No knowledge will save you , no magics will buy you time
for you will end up in fire as heaven and earth will burn.
Watch the stars fall from the sky
celestial extinction
Watch them fall from the sky
watch them fall from the sky
celestial skies are black as night tonight(Instrumental)Intet koed, intet blod, intet pulserende liv.
En hierteloes eksistens, som en aura en tanke.
Skovens er evig og uden graenser, med sorte kroellede traer.
Ulve hyler ravne kalder saa smukt i maanens skaer.
Laenge boede jeg i en krop i livet, men nu ved jeg mit hiem det er her.
Skovens er evig, moerket er evigt, uden for tid og rum.
Ingen godhed ingen ondskab, kun et natligt paradis.
En dyster morbid skoenhed skal jeg for evigt vandre i............. Burgundiaholm(Instrumental)To request purification and renewal
is to purify complety

to genuinely accept all things in nature manifested
on our ''earth jewel'' where soul,
life
spirit and mind are tied
removing temporary clothes stained
with dirt and impurity

the sun the highest being
divine nature and your ancestors
the vertical line
foundation of prosperity
knowledge passes down to successive generations

I respectfully pray to the generations
and generations of my ancestors,
and specially to the spirit of...

I present these offerings and prayers 
with humulity and reverence
I beseech you to accept these offerings
that I present with heart felt gratitude for the multitude
of blessings that have been bestowed on me

Humbly
I ask that you impact to me your venerable teachings
for living with sincerity
... I offer this prayer in humility and in reverence...Five passages found. Fathers tarred it as 
heresy. Texts that suffer. The orthodox stem
gaining salvations through knowledge. As time
went the movement destroyed rising forces
of the christian church. The new world
re-writing christian documents.

Shrouded in suffering: lost gospels of myth.
Shrouded in suffering: finding the religious
underworld shroud.

Authentic relics survived preserved in the
deserts of Egypt. What this church hides. I
speak of myth disturbing texts, iconoclastic.
Views of christianity can be challenged.
Thomas must be heard. I do not advocate
this stage for a window has opened. I
choose to look through the glass and you
see a reflection.

Shrouded in suffering: lost gospels of myth.
Shrouded in suffering: finding the religious
underworld shroud.Dark shapes distort
Control transform
A shapeshifter abominationHeld back for so long, only memories linger, and the joy is gone. No longer can i see the light, no longer can we live this life.

This world is turning black and grey, soon time will stop running, and everything will fade away.

Missing every chance we get, to grow in this life, confined by your own misery, you crawl through this world a ghost. Your fear of this world, isolates you completely.

You can only blame yourself, having no say in your life, take this one chance to decide for yourself, that you will kill your forever confined life.

I will guide you to your suicide, to break these chains called life.The unholy war, when Satan's demons are smeared in blood.
Feathers fall from angel wings, from the sky. 
Father Satan gather your legions, it is time to claim your throne.
The arrival of your dominion, so long been gone.
So gather now my legions, it is time to fight for our lord.
Hail Satan, scream the masses, smeared in angel's blood.

Lords of war, the wings of twelve, open all the gates.
Fly high into the canopy; bring to me the head of god.
Hell lord, unholy father.
Your wish is my command.
I will cut the liar throat; Christian blood will fall to the ground.

Demon legions, fly through the gates.
Into the darkened sky.
Held up high, the spears of evil.
As they run, through angels flesh.
They scream out in pain, as they see their kingdom fall.
Angel tears fall to the ground, as Satan again will reign.

Lords of war, the wings of twelve, open all the gates.
Fly high into the canopy; bring to me the head of god.
Hell lord, unholy father.
Your wish is my command.
I will cut the liar throat; Christian blood will fall to the ground.Come forth the lords of black they come 
Bring forth the askew 
Cold mist vapors lead them off to the dying sun 
Praise praise lords of lust 
With a cut the incision will take hold 
Watain's soul 
Black spoils one black bell ignites me 
Spread host all devour! 

Silence the dead life 
False blessings burn bones 
Talons lock no mercy 
Black lust forcing me 
Chalice of blood ancient rite 
For our own dying breed 
The master will reveal 
Black face unholy 

Bleed blood an old wound insert the blade 
Drink blood and use the blade 
Unholy temple a goat priest drinks the blood 
Unholy temple a goat will drink the blood 
Die die die die setup host the ghost body 
Take hold! The fear off ritual dance 
Force of satan behold! satanic chest 
Cut cut cut cut feasting off the soul 

Silence the dead life 
False blessings burn bones 
Talons lock no mercy 
Black lust forcing me 
Chalice of blood ancient rite 
For our own dying breed 
The master will reveal 
Black face unholyFlames reflects in my eyes
The wildness and hate are born
I draw the magic signs in the air
The pride, act of holy bastards burnt
Here's no more place for them
There's no day, only the moon and the night

I turn into ashes all the holyness
I destroy the altars of contempt with my sword
Then i hide in a blackrain, naked trees
The depths of the forests are my home
As the wolf i appear this night
As the wild dog i'm howling with lust for blood and hunger

I'm the warrior of the night obsessed by hell
Bringing hate, pain and desire
I observe the blackwitches of beauty
Protected with the shadow of my sword
They gave me the wisdom, fed with blasphemy
They assist in my every journey, my heart belongs to them

At midnight i call the winds of mayhem
The power of the horned evil protects me
I see how jesus tears mix with angel's blood
In my visions i observe...
How the skies turn to black, with the upcoming fire

I'm playing with the view of this night
I love the gloomy landscapes of my world
Obsessed like an animal, old as the planet
I speak words of the ancient knowledge
I give you things, which in paradise
Could be only a dream...(Instrumental)Far beyond the blackened horizon,
far beyond the light.
Where sun no longer rises,
where lies eternal night.

There is something in those woods,
living in the dark,
waiting for our blood,
waiting for our lifes.
Unholy lands of evil,
deep inside it's heart,
created by the thunder,
created by the spell.

deep inside the woods,
deep inside its heart,
there lies the answer,
for quesion of the life,
the meaning of the lies,
the meaning of the pain, 
all lies before you...

There is something in those woods,
living in the dark,
waiting for our blood,
waiting for our lifes.
Unholy lands of evil,
deep inside it's heart,
created by the thunder,
created by the spell.

lands of grimness and frost,
where I'm forever lost.
lands of frost,
my soul is lost!

follow the dark path,
into the freezing night,
summon the darkness,
from the blackened sky.


lands of grimness and frost,
where I'm forever lost.
lands of frost,
my soul is lost!

follow the dark path,
into the freezing night,
summon the darkness,
from the blackened sky.I am gone, but I live in your memories
violent twist of fate has made me whole
it has made me cold

Now my body decays
but my soul is bound to yours
I wander between worlds
All this in spite of my will

Death is not sad but ambivalent
No words can describe it
Death is the only true cure
Cure for all the pain
It's a sleep in the softest sheets...

You kept kissing my grave
all your tears were in vain
I hated you for imprisoning me
in your mortal world

You made me hollow
Now years have passed
all the hate is gone
I'm not desperate anymore
I disappear as you forget

As the morning fog is dissolved by the sun
this circle of life is made whole

You wept over ashes
which fertilized the soil
There are no words beyond
Just this feeling of loss
Knowledge that if I rest in peace
I will cease to feelBrokenminded, dead inside
Reaching hands to empty skies
Lost alone, following blind
Looking up to dying lights
False idols, false guides to light up an eternal night
Day of supper, judas night
Millions are betrayed by christ
Released the sin
Blackened the skies
The christian god is dead
The son of man shall rise
He will bring the flames
And he will leave the signs
All shall bow down
To the millennial reign
With his bare hands he will break the neck of christ
To let a new morality rise
The planet earth will finally be redeemed
With the extinction of humanity
This is the dawn of the gods
This is a sermon of broken idols
The son is nailed to the cross
Spitting blood of dying ideals
The priests will fall down to their knees
And gods will bleed out at our feet.In an unknown place
God created paradise
A garden full of innocence
But evil moved in

Fallacy the beginning
Greed and lies the end
Eve took the apple
Spread by inner weakness

Satan sent the serpents
The human race was weak
And they ate the poisoned fruit
The lie was born

Lost in the garden of Eden
God's disciples fall prey to shame
Lost in the garden of Eden
The teachings of christ based upon a lie

In an unknown time
God lost another battle
Against his own angels
Whom he once damned

The fallen rear their face
To destroy his kingdom
And war raged on
Worse than in any fantasy

Adam and Eve had shown us
The nature of mankind is bad
God in union with the serpent
Conducting an empire of lies

Lost...No heavens rule the land
Lost...The light of lies will blind us
Lost...Judgement day will damn them
Lost...The gates of hell will open
Lost...Slaves of hades they shall be
Lost...The once so hypocritical believersThey didn't understand anything about flesh
I was decided to break the pact
"This cruelty mask"...Join us and praise him!!!

Great master of the occult
Lord of the obscure
Noble servant from your
Majestic Lucifer
Representation of the hordes from Satanas
Invocation of evil
Incarnation of the endless knowledge.

SARGATANAS !
Reincarnation from the Ancestral
SARGATANAS !
Memory from the Old Empire.

Carrier of the key of spiritual wisdom
Ambiguous master from art of the black flame
Possessor of antique word of creation
Creator from Tempest, Plagues and Pest.

SARGATANAS !
Sin from original sin
SARGATANAS !
Sacred path to the knowledge

SON OF THE BLACK MARK!!!I'll be immortal, Beyond the iron portal
Satan's spell, take me to hell!

Guarded by black hounds
A rusty and secret gate
To undergrounds
Chthonian worlds await
Impenetrable
A spider web of tunnels
Down the castle
In the earth's bowels

Goblins and forgers 
Dwellings in this unlit maze
Keeping treasures
In vaults ans archways
Many legends told
On human sacrifices 
And all the gold
Through those passages

I'll be immortal, beyond the iron portal 
Satan's spell, take me hell!

Light the torch!

Curious people
Wanted to cross the threshold
To the devil
Their souls have been sold
From this bleak domain
Almost nobody returned
But I will reign
This is what I've yearned

I'll be immortal, beyond the iron portal
Satan's spell, take me to Hell!Open your eyes
Look at what's out there
On the horizon glowing bright
Open your eyes!

It's a matter of looking
Before you start to see
It's just a doubt away

Open your eyes
Look at what's out there
On the horizon glowing bright
Did you notice the difference?
Feeling the warmth
Radiating towards me
Out of the distance
Closing in
Open your eyes!

It's a matter of perception
Before you start seeing
It's just a twist of the mind
Until the view is changed
The projection shatters
Into a thousand shards reflecting the light(Instrumental)Infecting the atmosphere with deadly venom
causing movement of the spheres
Universal controller, universal destroyer
Shadows in the light of creation

His essence omnipotent
Mover of the stars
Granting the wicked their prayers
causing the fall of man

Sending pestilence upon the people
An abundant universal evil
Contaminating the divine
Depraving perpetual purity

Acts of castigation
upon all inferior creations
Passing judgment upon divinity
Polluting all that is pure

Sending pestilence upon the people
An abundant universal evil
Contaminating the divine
Depraving perpetual puritySurrounded, inside the darkness of the worlds
without hope, inside the dark mind,
raising my eyes to the top
I am quartering my human's soul.

inside the blackraven like matter,
Inside the ancient altars,
I worship, damned, immortal, and hidden 
 gods of chaos.

with pentacle, the incantation of darkness,
I open the portal at the borderland of 
extrasensory, but still physical worlds...
not earthly, but worshiped by the ancient ones.

with all my sorrow I summon the abyss !!!

the wrath inside me ignites the fire,
my tears weld the infernal ice...
spitting on humanity.Servant. I must do your work
Undo expectation
Meagre giving in return
Exempt obligation
Frustated with thankless lies
I retaliate

I use my free will now I intervene
I use my free will now I intervene

Abuse, abuse your authority
No more, this ain't how it's supposed to be
Abuse, abuse your authority
No more, this ain't how it's supposed to be
Abuse, abuse your authority
No more, this ain't how it's supposed to be
Abuse, abuse your authority
No more, this ain't how it's supposed to be

Obligation, do your work
Bear this every day
Trapped inside your corporate shell
You and not relate
Uprising brings your demise
Your demise

I use my free will now I intervene
I use my free will now I intervene
I use my free will now I intervene
I use my free will now I intervene

Abuse, abuse your authority
No more, this ain't how it's supposed to be
Abuse, abuse your authority
No more, this ain't how it's supposed to be
Abuse, abuse your authority
No more, this ain't how it's supposed to be
Abuse, abuse your authority
No more, this ain't how it's supposed to be
Abuse, abuse your authority
No more, this ain't how it's supposed to be
Abuse, abuse your authority
No more, this ain't how it's supposed to be
Abuse, abuse your authority
No more, this ain't how it's supposed to be
Abuse, abuse your authority
No more, this ain't how it's supposed to beLike rollin' thunder, fire and steel
Were comin' at ya, in for the kill
My life come flashing, in the night
Im only young but Im gonna die

Like fire and thunder, ice and steel
Were movin' out, and in for the kill
Me and the boys gettin' hot tonight
Ive got this feeling, we need to fight

Into my dreams,
I'll make your fantasy
And when you get there youll find
Im just a dark fantasy

Come away, come away, come away with me
Come away, come away, come away with me
BREAK THESE CHAINS OF HELL!

Into my dreams,
I'll make your fantasy scene
And when you get there youll find
Im just a dark fantasy

Come away, come away, come away with me
Come away, come away....
AND BREAK THESE CHAINS OF HELL!Father you stand in the ancient gates
ready to make great flight
Hell is in the roaring abyss
Somewhere behind it
There's a new world
Soon it will belong only to you
Falling to rise is to be written
Blessed in blasphemy
For the truth is in it
Bible will burn in the hands of traitors
Behind the limit of self-preservation
Hear revelations accept
The creator or die
But for someone it's too late
Regretting that the man was born
Look at the dead man at the world extinct
Conscious essence of your savior
Vomit on atheism
At the gates of being
Of eternal sufferingI have never
Seen the catastrophe
That happened
In front of my eyes
Tried to dispel the pain
I trusted you
I was so blind
Scratched out my eyes
For you
I know what you are doing
The guy you fuck with
Can't hold back my rancor now
I loved you so long
Why must it turn into hate
Excuses are senseless...
I will never close my eyes...
I will never be blind again...
One day you will lay here and bleed
An agony I had to live
The torture reflect on you
I was so blind could not see the truth
Tried to dispel
Everything you were doing
Is there no repentance you feel(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)A tidal gaze of an opening hand 
In sea, a suffering, interminable spell of Cetus 

Neverending insurmountable past of our lives 
Time to heal all the wounds and apathetic desires 
A time to heal all the wounds and apathetic desires 

Neverending insurmountable past of our lives 
Time to heal all the wounds and apathetic desires 
A time to heal all the wounds and apathetic desiresflying in a world of two wings
I live with two feelings of certainty
the first that I am far too good for this 
world
the second that the wold is far too good
for me

my visions quiets
my voice is closed
the eyes roll
new vision confronted
my hands taken

my visions quiets
my voice is closed
the eyes roll
new vision confronted
yet I am all alone

you need
two wings to fly.
good night.Welcome to the lair of the Widowmaker
He'll hack you down right before you can cry out
Fight back before the Widowmaker attacks
He will not stop
He will not show mercy

The Widowmaker spits on pity
He will hunt you down and break your will
With axe in hand, a bloodthirsty madman
He'll hunt you down and bring you to your knees
His heart is cold, and his veins bleed ice

You're next to die
Widowmaker
Don't try to hide
Widowmaker

Widowmaker Death wing's strike

A war cry fills the sky
Ten thousand men will die
The god tyr takes his toll
Ten thousand heads will roll
Prepare to meet your dooms
Prepare to meet your judge
Prepare to meet your maker
Beware the blade of the Widowmaker

We will pay Widowmaker
With lives, Widowmaker
We die for the Widowmaker

We will pray to Widowmaker
We fear Widowmaker
Draws near Widowmaker(Instrumental)(Instrumental)I'm born of thousand wars and this has to be
Shot by sight and day by day the structural
Perfection one by obe the kill is done and I
Feel devotion man of hate that you create
It's coming for you now no place to hide I
Feel the pleasure of drinking blood one time
To give you sorrow one time to give you pain
One time to clean my faults last time I'm the
Product of hate there something special
Breaking your neck it's so familiar the sound
Of death I want to show to your god that
Lies are just began this empty boy will rot
Shile the soul will not the smell of flesh
And blood the essence of this night remember
What they have done be scared of what
They might there's not justice here but mine
Not division for darkness and holy light 
Rage rise in me I'm the infected part I'm the
Pain and misery I'm the air all over I'm the
Poisoned drink as wall as you can be inside
You place for me there's no justice here but
Mine not division for darkness and holy
Light rage rise in me I'll paint your pain on 
Walls the bricks are crying god the priest
The water cup your last walk deadly dropWithterrorthelifereturnsonlifelesspathsstygmatizedinpartiesatthefuneralsoulsmartyrsdaretoapproachasthisistheirfinalhourtheyreturnonlifelesspathsI wanted you cause of your bust .
And now I want a night of lust.
Can't wait around here anymore.
So take me home you dirty whore.

Slut, slut ..
Dirty bitch

I've had too many pints of poison,
now I wanna try your pants on.
I don't care if you're really crude,
I wanna see you in the nude.

Suppose you think it's fun to. tease.
Spread around social disease

Don't care how many you have had.
Just lie down I want it bad.

You think you look pretty cute.
Black and shiny diving suit.
High heels with a nine inch spike.
Something about you I know I like.One King once stood upon another King, and cut his head off! His cloack was Black, His wings were sour,
He raised his swords to the skies, and cried for war between Gods! The becoming of a God and
his honour was true, His treachery was supported by the gaze of the Moon! All hail the new fallen God!
Bow to the Dark Lord and listen to His Speech! Let the Demon enchant you and bring you to
His Sphere! Before a winter of flames that consumes your existence! Now all the fires will grow uncessantly!
The becoming of a God and his Honour was true, His treachery was supported by the gaze of the Moon!
One King once stood upon another King, and cut his head off! His cloack was black, His wings were sour,
He raised his swords to the skies, and cried for war between Gods ! From Hell with the scent of Victory,
rose the demon with His Kind... An army strong and willing, that was meant to dethrone God!I saw the sun and a dying
Nation
A pale horde dressed in black
Winter fell, the found
Salvation
As I arrived - an army of death
I tore their souls, injected
Nightseed
I drank their blood, coloured
Black
I am the son - of darkness I breed
I rule them all since I am death

Indeed my wisdom is ancient
(Therefore) One kingdom to be
Ruled by one king
Upon this throne of black hate
I'm forever ruling this land
Of sin

Death I'll seek and find
To please this dark soul of mine
(I gather) Strength as blood
Is wine
I'm ruling the dark halls
Of timeSumrak ljudskosti prezrene
Progutane sopstvenom lazi
Na horizontu ceka poziv
Za bitku poslednju

Na planini tamnoj
U gori zaboravljenoj
Crni se mrznja
Sto osvetu doziva

Zaboravu mesta nema!

Gromkim glasom proslost opominje
Skupljeni gnev iz vekova izvire
Oprost stupiti nikada nece
Jedan je put ka konacnom kraju

Milost pognute glave
Kleci pred nogama osveteAs the rain fell
and night returned
I heard them in the winds...

From the heart of the forest they call
Riding out across thunder and hail
Strike the sky and walk this world again
Sent from the Hall... they return

Her eyes tear through the world
when all other vision has left me blind
She reaches her hand to me
and takes me to the Hall up high
Where Alfadir awaits me
I know my time has come to die
Across the final bridge
I stand and watch the ravens fly

Along moonlit horizons
clouds gather in your name
From this, the pulse of earth
hear shadows speaking through the flame
I wander this world of visions
etched into this heart of mine
For all that is eternal
so will I be in time

As the rain fell
and night returned
I heard them in the winds...

From this, the pulse of earth
etched into this heart of mine
For all that is eternal
so will I be in time

(Words: Xammael)Consanguineous
Unsure as we are
On where you stand
We cast upon you
The light of question

Though you walked our ranks
For all times recounted
We see that perhaps
It was not always so

Memories etched in stone
Unyielding
Wielding
Whim and remembrance
As engines of war

Delator
Mercurial you are
To turn about
When in darkness past
You came to us
For aid

It matters not
Coveted sanctimony
Shall not aegis you
Seduced to indulge in fancy

It is you who must prepare
And are not prepared

The lines have been drawn
The clarion call has sounded
To battle!

Phantom transgressions
We shoulder upon you
No forgiveness
Counterfeit sins

Paranoia unfounded
You take arms against us
Velitation
You cannot winBarbed wire and barriers are holding me
Though the barricades are only in my mind
I can't seem to break through the walls
Even though I am made of steel
Like steel to a fire I weaken and bend in the wind
Create the desire for crossing the wire
I'm laying it all on the line

Crossing the border
Leaving the sadness far behind

Surrounded by anger and fear
I'm the eye of the hurricane
Like a leaf on a tree in the wind
I yearn to break free

Create the desire for crossing the wire
I'm laying it all on the line

Crossing the border
Leaving the sadness far behind
I'm crossing the border
Fleeing the echoes of my mindYour mental state, a fantasy
The wheel that breaks is within your mind
Susceptible to lose control
If you lose your mind
Have you lost your soul?

Fate of your life, so insecure
Fate determined by chemicals

[Chorus:]
Refuse the sickness
Overcoming
You and me, we will cry
For the process has gone awry
And the fallout is pain

Suffer the pain
Swallow this change
Suffer the pain
Resent your mind

Serotonin concentrations dropping
The synaptic dysfunction distorts the realisation
That we're engaging a mood swing alternation
Faces of loved ones transform to enemies
Now witness your moral depreciation
Forget about your cerebral limitation
A slave to the neurotransmitter malfunction
Condemning yourself to this personality destruction

Mechanical loss of control
Within the mind will take its toll

[Chorus]Save your soul for me
I like to feel the pain
No hope remains
To reach eternity
Do you remember me?
Look in the mirror
Awaiting your fear
The last tear in life

Look into my eyes
What do you see?
A dying time
Your eternity
Understand that you lost yourself
In my holy grave

I like the taste of your blood
Cold as ice
Like your timeless lies
I am your knife
I can give you what you want
Die in my arms
Awaiting your tear
The last tear in lifeForsake
Every night happens the same relentless terrifying scenario
Alex ten years old has to confront hell to finally find the sleep

Closed eyelids do not prevent him to see
The hands on the ears and he still listens
Afraid that his heart stopped in te hammering of a funeral march
Forsaken, the hour has come
He's forsaken by the ones he trusted the most in

Between invisible creatures as darkness is falling around
Freezing kisses from his mother rejoining her bed in heaven

Closed eyelids do not prevent him to see
The hands on the ears and he still listens
Afraid that his heart stopped in te hammering of a funeral march
Scary noises under him

An uncertain place on the Earth and the ritual reject
Lead him to surrender himself in terror
Slave to the agressive outside
In the lair of the ashamed child

As he stands close to the Styx
Ready to fall and swim
Convinced that he will never be able to cross it
Abysses inhale him from underground

Closed eyelids do not prevent him to see
The hands on the ears and he still listens
Afraid that his heart stopped in te hammering of a funeral march
Forsaken, the hour has come
He's forsaken by the ones he trusted the most inO Lord God of my salvation, I have cried day and night before thee
Let my prayer come before thee; incline thine ear unto my cry

The suffering of affliction - in darkness, in the deeps
The suffering of affliction - unto the grave

Wilt thou show wonders to the dead?
Shall the dead arise and praise thee? 
Shall thy wonders be known in the dark? 

Suffering of affliction - in darkness, in the deeps
Suffering of affliction - unto the grave

Lord, I have called daily upon Thee
Thy wrath lieth hard upon me
But unto Thee have I cried, O Lord
I am afflicted and ready to die 

Lord, why castest Thou off my soul? 
Why hidest Thou Thy face from me?
Thy fierce wrath goeth over me
While I suffer Thy terrors I am distraughtSearching for the truth,
A pestilent and evil youth
I shall find the answer,
For the burning empire

Extends through time by the 
Virtue of its foundation
Upon the sign, of god's
Meaningless creation
A burning will

A burning will as black as night
Are you here from below
This step beyond rests upon
Forgotten structures

Extends through time by the
Virtue of its foundation
Upon the sign, of god's
Meaningless creation
A burning willThe vortex smashes us to the ground and it drags us beyond
But what to hope for when all confidence is lost
It is senseless to hold on to hope
Hope is the futile suppression of our falll
We are fall dragged downwards but striving upwards
We have lost our senses, we have lost direction
Like a vessel twisted by the elemental forces
The subtle blindness begins to devour our senses
Dare to open the eyes but you will neither sleep nor speak again
Move outside and realize the absurd
Mankind's haughtiness is condescension
Scorn
The sublime ill-favored grotesque face that lurks behind the decadent mask
There are indeed no words to describe our incurable undoubtedly self killing sicknessthere's no way for me to live as the do with them lies
there's a sickness in my mind there's no cure just to die
i ate ov my sensations ash that burned through my passion of past am the loser iam in fact
breathing pain
i lived my life a mope and listening to my soul moan but i can't take anymore of this shame
far away to rich a chunks ov my soul and broken life i'll wait the death to takes me away
retrospect mourning pandemic am falling am broken am insane through my past am dying
catastrophe disaster that i born in this world non human felt the pain burning my damn brain
iam slain ov pain am no more a sane iam tore in deep as a ship on tears am alone...in th dark
am alone
in the lake of past i sank my trust i beheld my self in the memories last....forever
i'v tried to find some hope in somehow by someone in this life
but no way to live in this world without a great pain coz its just created with lies.....Blood of the ages
Adorn us in holocaust
Thus finding true meaning in agony
Solely time's creator of destruction
I breathe unending oblivion

The earth, a spasm in ageless gloom
A temple of mass extinction
The throne empty and cold
Frozen in absence of power
No heir to commence infamy

Embodied in oceans of falsity
There is no sanctity in creed
Distorted visions intoxicate animation
Reducing man to a lower breed

Hear my words of disgust
I, among many, shall burn upon the altar of ire
Tempest coiled in blades of wrath
Their godless hands tremble in pain
Absolute desolation

Downwards, to the core I shall descend
Beneath sands that throats ingest
This stillness cold
Ripe with infection
It be the usher of the coming of murk

The discord that is mankind
An unhindered beast of gargantuan ways

Twilight of our coming darkness
Reveals my true name
Wrath was bound from within
Thy invoker of flame
Conflagration

Embodied in oceans of falsity
There is no sanctity in creed
Distorted visions intoxicate animation
Reducing man to a lower breedWhat if that was not enough?

Few feelings hold me here
Too many swallow me daily
I'm chained to an open air prison
Of imaginary walls built over time
Maybe I haven't understand anything
If I understand something it's impossIble to live
Patience is killing me slowly

Why?
Thinking if the result is nausea?
Not doing it if the result is nothing?
Have faith when the answer is silence

This life is not mine
This world isn't rewarding
If defy to accept
These fucking eternal moments

Living in a  limbo compulsion to failure
Living in a continuity concept
Continuity to suffer theories
To coexist also with the desire not to exist
Maybe they're just thoughts hoard
In an endless archive in a constant update
The help is unknown, the whole so silly
The fate is rotting in everything

Perhaps the real rebellion lies in the word "end"As diminishing shadow of sorrow and loath
Paralyzes all with enchanting flow
Descends upon the icy coasts
Darkness shall swallow the land

Towering mountains rise from ash

The sacred wrath of this forgotten domain
Its storming might seems arcane
Under the fist of their ghastly reign
Our oath blazing
Hidden light unveiled


The sacred wrath of this forgotten domain
Its storming might seems arcane
Under the fist of their ghastly reign
Our oath blazing
Hidden light unveiled


In the midst of departure
Night sky glimmers
Wisdom of the Charon
Enlightens our soul
An inevitable conclusion
Eventually you'll see
You are none but among them
Among the shadows

You are none but among them, among the shadows...


As Diminishing shadow of sorrow and loath
Paralyzes all with enchanting flow
Descends upon the icy coasts
Darkness shall swallow the landBeware of the Northern wind
Sacrifice to the mighty eagle to spare our skin and bones
His cold wind thats pierces through all
Shores of longing, winter's gone
Guide us, sons of Oden
Ruler of the sky protect us 
Don't take us down below
We set out sails
Our journey has begun
The mighty sea seales our fate
Waves so strong carries the Dragon ship
To arrive in foreign lands to conquer to trade
To depart from foreign lands, leave the shores in flames
Those who stand against us will fall by our hands
Send them down the river cold to the shore of the dead
To Nifelheim, they will travel the cold wasteland of the ninth world
In Nifelheim, they will suffer the wrath of the snake of the ninth world(Instrumental)(Instrumental)The world is filled with desperate people
Looking with their desperate eyes
While the hollywood stars with their big fat cars
Try to get all the attention they can get

Get your bodyguard to pick up your trash
You're in the focus now
Too many drinks, crashed your cars
Can you live it up?

Feed us with scandals
Tell us who did what
You got our attention
Feed us, we're desperate

They're following every step
They'll keep you company into your grave

Stop and waving at people while you're cruising down the red carpets path
Just suck in all the flashes and pretend you care while signing away your autograph

Get your bodyguard to pick up your trash
You're in the focus now
Too many drinks, crashed your cars
Can you live it up?

Feed us with scandals
Tell us who did what
You got our attention
Feed us, we're desperate

Feed us with scandals
Tell us who did what
You got our attention
Feed us, we're desperateI slumber throught my years
like the desert
moves with the wind
Frozen and flickering
the lustful year has met its end
A wanderer I am indeed...
...the son of the moon...
and I will carry mountains soon.

A burden I was for those
who woke the sun.
I threw their masks away
lit my torches
and burned their eyes

Forgiven I never was

But I will carry mountains soon
A burden is it not?

Kneeling I chose my faith
while they lit the sun
and flew naked and blind over
my desert fields.Confirmation 
(The future of an Illusion)

What is the true nature of belief, of superstition? The weight of existential dread leading to despair, desperation for solace and meaning.

Semi evolved minds unceasingly looking for patterns in nature, resulting in animism. The need to stave off feelings of helplessness and inferiority. Interhemispheric intrusions give rise to paranormal apparitions. Huddled groups invent folklore out of an insecure need for consensus.

Primitive archetypes begin to form, dissenters punished and ostracized. Tribal wars bring syncretism and rewriting of history. Religious codices edited to support contemporary politics, original meanings lost in retelling and translation.

Sectism spreads like a virus. The vaccine of wisdom unable to gain a foothold against the virulent strain corrupting the masses.

Society evolves and yet the orthodox refuse to let the old myths die their natural death.(Instrumental)Their feeble souls reek of death, yet the stillborn walks the earth.
Still preaching for Armageddon, their illusions lives on.
Disciples of the king of the dead, the thorncrowned, crucified.
The mausoleum, gathering of the herd, forever chained to his gates.
When life is trapped within ones funeral march, all hope is forever lost.
Dim the lights of the dying race.
Entering total darkness.
Nothing is left to create a future, but a knife for your veins.
Their souls reek of death, yet the stillborn walks the earth.
Still preaching for Armageddon, their illusions must die!
The cross has fallen.
Only shadows remains.
Kill yourself to become the demon of wrath.
Reborn beyond the grave.
An entity of hellish might forever to rule the ground.
Nefas reborn.Oh, I crave these visions which grow inside
That enslave my very soul
Unfolding, revolting, turning this soul into black

Great savagery come banish their hope forever
Indulging their fate to commence
Profanity, atrocity, upon deceptions

Deceiver, believer, false hope wither
With you condemned by sinister ways
Your sworn fidelity is a sign of treachery

Slaves of the icons which all lie bleeding
Fictive reality is no divinity
So I grow on your contempting words
Temptation will lead me away from your withering garden

Now I preserve this might from my own within, so pure in its form
Divine and untorn, yet raging and grim, I roam here alone
So I defy, condemn and deny those tales they rely

Captivating all life to unfold
In vanity they shall die

Hear the roar from the storm of dark depths
Defiant and godless they emerge.(Instrumental)[Chorus]:
Condemned to live
an internal agony
death's cloak covered him
of a bleak reality

Drowned threnody
of a lost life
the unclean memory
of a dead star
silence and loneliness
left with his lost soul

[Chorus]

And hanging from a tree
he felt he disappeared
the unrecoverable lost of the time, 
crystallized in past
condemns the soul to lose
in pain... forever

Condemned to live
an internal agony
death's cloak covered him"For I know that my redeemer lives
A guarantor upon the dust will stand
Even after my skin is flayed
Without my flesh I shall see him"

Raped, tortured, all experiments
I feel repeatedly attacked
All those sharp razors entering me

Those sounds beneath the skin
Traveling through the veins
Intravenal message

For all to be seen

"For I know that my redeemer lives
A guarantor upon the dust will stand
Even after my skin is flayed
Without my flesh I shall see him"

My sins are moving the sun
Massive pillars will hold the skies
Once empty, my body shall resurrect
A flood of sins
A flood of lies

Another son upon the altar

"For I know that my redeemer lives
A guarantor upon the dust will stand
Even after my skin is flayed
Without my flesh I shall see him"(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)As they sailed the northwest passage
Confident strides, they mistook for good omen

Leagues into uncharted territory
The fools continued their insolent journey

Her mast, a disgraceful sight
Her bow barely held together

As the poor ship wrought the fragile Inuit seas,
The waves rocked her gently

Inukshuk statues, plentiful in their glory,
Glorious warnings

As their presence became alarming,
Crippling waves shook the vessel boldly

Toppling her to her pitiful knees
The crew abandoned from their seafaring indignity

On the ice and stone they wait
Dumbfoundingly unable to believe

A skeletal masterpiece
He towers above them dwarfingly

As they run for cover,
His fists grip the mallets of raging savagery

Never has the arm
Carressed the shoulder in such menacing brutality

Freed from the sinew
The bone rings with a haunting tone

Precisely, it taps the keys
Its face unable to be seen,
Shaking its frozen altar angrily,
Dancing to melodies of human ivory

Impact of the powerful wave,
Calcium cast into its ethereal clutches
Mystic forces tear their limbs wrecklessly
Crafting their bones immaculately(Instrumental)Church 
Holy house 
Killer 
Bloodthirsty 
Seek 
Bastards priests 
Condemn 
Forever 

Hammers and axes 
Unholy evil Justice 

Slaughtered priestsI'm Losing Myself, I Feel Me Frozen
Just Like A Black Winter Sheltering Me
His Shroud Traveling Through My Heart
And Now Searching To Find My Light

I Feel Fear...!
I Stare As My Tragic Light Goes Away
Just An Image For Me...
The Tragic Light Of A Crying Sunset
Just A Feeling For Me...

I'm Dying, I'm Dying, I'm Dying, I'm Dying...Demonic laughter your cremation
Your lungs gasp for air but are filled with blood
A sudden crack as I crushed your skull

The remind of your life flashes by
A life that soon won't be
Smiling with axe in my hand
Evil's rotten hand you'll see

I come forward
Deathcrush

I'll send you to your maker
I'll send you to your death

Death nicely crucified
Death, heads on stakes

The barbeque has just begun
Deathcrush - Deathcrush - Deathcrush

Crush - Crush
Deathcrush
Deathcrush
DeathcrushPseudo world of monsters biting bloody avengers
Cloaks the shadow's dark of majestic legions
Hate and vengeance of greedy subjects pour ruined land with blood...

Detrimentum hypocrita mortifer votum panoptica
Detrimentum hypocrita mortifer votum panoptica

Liars devour all in vicinity
Spectral abnormal endlessness
Feelings far away without humanity
Misery full of this madness

Morbid wails in the space full of hate and malice 
Wander through the universe
And this screams are senseless

Unearthly laws and cruelty of black crumple the bodies of hypocrites
And pseudo gods The last judgment of dark's masterpiece...

Morbid wails in the space full of hate and malice 
Wander through the universe
And this screams are senseless

Hate and vengeance of greedy subjects pour ruined land with blood.

Detrimentum hypocrita mortifer votum panoptica
Detrimentum hypocrita mortifer votum panopticaThrough the forest of hell
And into the unknown
I shall follow in the ways in which
The rivers had always flown
Spared a life of judgement
Apprehended the closure
Pursue destiny to achieve immortality
And I shall not fail when in solitude
But rise in decorative flame
The past forseed what I became
Days bleeds in the name of our setting sun
Night screams in the name of what we create
Impending demiseThrough time, I found my way.
A stoned path, I had to go.
Trough pain, i learned to live.
A blooming out, for creation.

Depressive truth,
I drained my life through pain.
A flattening of emotions, all I gained.
I sank deep within my inner-self.
A depression my first lesson.

This time, I had to face.
To live or die, my choice was clear.
Resigned to live, life is to survive.
Survive is to struggle.

Depressive truth.
I drained my life through pain.
A flattening of emotions, all I gained.
I sank deep within my inner-self.
A depression my first lesson.Days of March - Put side by side by mine
None of my steps breaks the ranks
We are as a single body - An only advance
A blinding arm ready to strike

Hours of waiting, still in formation
Waiting for the coming of the solemn second
My cold eyes stare at the ground
Where my Blood soon will flow

When the calm comes back on the battlefield
Screeching bodies in the moment of the End
No regrets in my inexpressive eyes
The moonlight makes my Blood shine
It flows from my ripped throat

Determined, excited, settled
No hesitation in my hands
Ready to inflict death
Proud to give my life for my Fatherland

A scream that roars
All together we go on ahead
We shut the ranks as a single wave
On the Enemy we collide

Deaf resounding - Echo back in the air
Steel against Steel - Soul against soul
Will against will - Soldier against soldier

Men's agony fires cries and instigation
In the fight crush bodies fall tight
We are as one an only advance
A blinding arm ready to strike

While the battle rages
Fury comes up in my Heart
Premonition of death - Prowl ignorated

No regrets in my inexpressive eyes
The moonlight makes my Blood shine
It flows from my ripped throatMy soul disappeared stolen by silence,
Going by wind colder than ice.
Light of the dream is changing for darkness
Sun of the hope  will never rise.

She paint my future in color of gray,
Without words without feelings
Show me no way -just nothing say
Leave me on edge, my mind is bleeding.

I recognize in scream of the night
My voice that full of pain and sorrows
I'm not alive but I'm not still die,
Try to forget this days of horror
Let me be free, Queen of the Silence.  

Escape from the castle-always return
I lost in between two sides of mirror
I find the key but can't find the door,
I run from you but you always near.

Black emptiness from  deep of space
Undying stars inside this abyss
No sound no light no even trace
No trace of life here only shadowsIn vengeance the darkness will spread, as these great wings engulf the sun
Birthing this black across golden skies, heavens will burn and the earth will die

Emptied of guidance and hope, burning the wishes for peace
Rising hatred for this false light, terror will be heard across the lands

Procession by virtue of war, bloodstained hands
This fall of creation 

Sound this requiem as we ascend, unholy battle until the end
Birthing hatred for the end of gods, crawling praise has come to the end of times 

Crush the pious icon of delusion to silence the follower of light
A war machine of this damned cause, take no prisoners without a light

Forever in darkness we shall dwell
No forgiveness for all that have died

Reign of inversion upon the skies
Feasting on blood from the divine
Smashed skulls lie beneath our feet
When steel and bone meet 

This war on gods has just begun
Conquest of freedom will be won
Never turn our backs in retreat 
When steel and bone meet 

Warn the king of the holy, the time has come, the war will be won
And this death shall be the domain for the followers of the crucified one

It's death or victory in out hearts with dead babies at our feet
Superior forms of bloodshed, lead the way for this deceit 

The final breath of defiance, a battle to the death
Raise the flag of the damned 

Reign of inversion upon the skies
Feasting on blood from the divine
Smashed skulls lie beneath our feet
When steel and bone meet 

This war on gods has just begun
Conquest of freedom will be won
Never turn our backs in retreat 
When steel and bone meetTake me- I am he: son of nothing, spawn of void. Cradling a bastard child before his heroin god. What lies beneath black fabric can never forgive. Wash it clean, wear its stain. Worship thee for it bleeds unto thee. Let it be. Let it breathe. Let it see.Awake ancient darkness
Dead by dreaming gods
Possess our minds with visions black
Damned to eternal sleep
But time has conquered death
And created life out of shadows 

Ascending from the fathomless depths
Those who came from far beyond the stars... 

Arise forgotten ones
Hear their calls and see the signs
Behold the freezing winds storming the raging seas
Contaminate the holy with disease 

Where dark destroys what light create
Dreams breed in breathless sleep
Ascending from the fathomless depths
Those who dreamt eternally of our demise 

Relinquishment at last
From the chambers deep below
Where thoughts are black as the universe
A burning rage that is fuled by malediction
An endless hate towards mankind 

Ascending...
Yearning...
Slithering...
Horror... 

Madness...
Chaos...
Death...
Despondency... 

Relinquishment at last!Fear me
'cause i'm in your head
Controlling your life
Controlling your death
Hate me
For messing up your mind
What you thought was wrong
Turned up to be right

I am thy fear
I am thy hate
I am thy devil
I am thy death

Devil inside
You want to endure
But you have to give up
Against me there is no cure
Your death
Is calling you loud
Terrible noise
Give in to that soundthe wax sensation
cultivated alienation
like swarming bees
are the pale people

robed in plastic fiber wings
lowered sails, roaring wind
ambition melting down
sticky, wet alien-eyes

the loss of a generation
deprived and detached
from divinity
an era of insolence

the crowded head
and broken heart
the fallen flesh
and wants at hand

oh but the number!
thousands upon thousands
corpus torn asunder(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Your life is in danger... 
Beware of the cannibal whores 
Keep your distance from the uncivilised humans 
Observe their daily ritual of desvration and dismemberment 
Bamboo shelters degrated with carcasses 
A village of poverty and paranoia 
Pestilence and unsanitary conditions are the causes of death 
The mortality rate increasing, the lost race decreasing 
A population of sinners, victims victims of god 
Their elderly die of infection and rot 
Smell the pile of burning flesh 
Charred dead, flames engulf rigor mortis 
The fortunate ones eat one 
another to remain alive 
The screaming victims are unheared as they're eaten alive 
The slaughter 
continues throughout the night 
Fires made to cook meat and cartilage 
Maggots nest in the entrails, 
carrions in pools of waste 
Cannibals without conscience, hunger is reason 
A nightmare scene, 
detached genitalia on dansling spleen 
Parasite feasting on its limbs 
Chances of survival are slim 
Dance with mind demons, inhuman behavior 
Stenches beyond repulsive, guts splatter starving faces 
A hell on earth, origin of ancient atrocity birth 
Psychotic perversion, masturbatory motions 
Necrophilia... feed the sickening psyche 
Your fate to encounter the malicious, cursed tribe... 
SCREEEEEEAAAMM!!! AAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!Bells playing again into my mind corridors
my never heard words are lost at the end
of the ways of stars eclipsed from darkness
and the night closes its sweet eyelids
on my black soul

I unconsciously sink
in the abyss of the eternal sleep
the heart stops fighting 
dissolving its last heartbeat
into skies echo

But the obscurity in fire
dying red, my bloody shade
the soul begins to hate
desiring atrocities and sufferings
for its ground enemies
who have hindered it

My soul is rising from the depth of nothing
abandoning its body when falls down
among the lights of revealing darkness
I sacrifice my existence to evil

At the end, angel will finally stay 
to whisper their poetic complaints
and my soul will rise with them
we will destroy together the lies of lights
resuming the eternal equilibrium
among mankind, nature, darkness
and the supreme light of...In gun and bomb smoke
You cant even breath

CH. Ongoing War

A child lost
Searches for their family

CH.

Police bastard
Will fuck you in the street

CH.(Instrumental)(In the late 16th century
the so called "witches mania"
which frightening magnitudes
thousands were executed
under inhuman conditions
mostly burned alive in this take...)Deny the Truth 
Don't believe what you see 
Or trust what they've taught you 
"Truth" has you trapped in a cell 
The prison you create 
The time is now to open up your eyes 
'Cause this affects everyone 
It's fucking clear. the writing's on the wall 
They're wrong- We're right 

I stand in the way of the control 
I stand in the way of the deceit 

What you conceive 
Will manifest 
In what you believe 

Overdose on random thoughts to keep you down 
There's a war inside your mind you can't escape 
Stand up for your rights before it's too late 
Shackles will bind 
You're denying the truthWars and Murders fears injustice
These are little problems
Black and white men, poor and rich than
Am I going crazy?

I care for none I think for myself
This my only religion
I'm bad for defense I'm a fool and a liar
Stay away from me if you can

Sex and strong drugs work & music
Don't need anything else
Peace & fortune, love & hate
Now I know what they mean

I'm going away from this world
Maybe in the future we'll live in the space
Maybe in a galaxy we'll find a planet
With no politicians

Don't be afraid in their war
They will disappear the whole universe
Will be the only world

Don't be afraid in their war
They will disappear the whole universe
Will have an only LordYou've been down before, you'll be down again
No one knows why, who can say when?

Now you can feel better ,cause you're a free man
Make the best of precious time while you still can
Life moves faster than the eye can see
Rolling on forever towards eternity
Treat every day as if it
were your last so as you grow older you
don't regret your past
go to pick it up-readjust
now you're on your own,plenty satisfied
forgot about those break up days
when you were sad and cried
treated her so nice,she fucked with your head
now its time to shop around and find someone else instead
tossed a couple down, feeling alright
hoping for some justice by the end of the night
who do I see through the crowded scene?
Its my ex-bitty starting right at me
The widower haunts you forever

She only wants her sweet revenge
Its about time you put her in her place,never cause you grief again
Prepare yourself,gather your thoughts, time blew by all for naught
Exposed of what brought you down
Its tough at first being alone

Don't fret now, don't flee from home
Better times are coming round
3 years gone by and life has changed
Piked things up and rearranged
Only the memories are what you save
Times like those are what you lack 
If could only get her back
The widower mocks you to your grave
Pick it up-readjustedThis is the night, where I lost the trust
the trust for the others, now lying in the dust
it changed me back to the person from who I came
an ignorant fool, not to hope just to blame
try to show what I feel, wanted to give not to take
but faith in this world is just a dirty lake
and I'm trying not to drown(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Come forth, ye beasts of the night
Dwelling in the shadow
Waging war againt the light
Endless be their sorrow

Tears will run from their withered faces
Eyes will burn, consuming their vices

Beasts of the night, dwelling in the shadow
Enemy in sight, an order to follow
Power and might, never shall we bow
Night is fright, their graves will be shallowmy eyes reflects my god
a corpse of visions and hopes
it jeers at every, disappointment of me,

her mouth, the embodiment of untruth, the church of lies, the taint
of naive, which speaks an empty deceit.
  her eyes, who green shallow islands of word waste.
grab the truth of graft it into my mind, where I was taken in.
don't devote-never decline for sentiment.

"eye" hate the empty word hypocrisy.
my eyes a straight sense to shot my feelings out.
revote all statements and gaze into my eyes-nouth!!!
i saw, that you spoke untruth, but that's my percept!!!
love sucksascend into blackened skies 
misery has tainted all sanity 
believers left behind, rotten 
reincarnation, you are left in ashes 

filthy decibels of deceit 
to frame your crooked mind 
lost in a forest of faces 
grinning at your every wince 

paved upon the crawling 
your flesh pealed from bone 
try now decipher surroundings 
which is reality and fiction 

teeth ground to bleeding gums 
a blasphemers tongue within 
enter a nostril, exit through other 
senses aroused by nihility 

pestilence eating away 
at the marrow of what's left 
ashes to ashes you've become 
ungracefully bound by fate 

recognition of unfamiliarity 
correspond to an empty skull 
the cremation of one's soul 
live the story of our timeAt 17 you hit the streets
A victim of the system
They said can't be beat
By 21 you had taken control
The underground was yours
Make sure everybody knows

A loaded gun
The trap was set
A calling card
For another death

The finger's pointed right at you
Informations on the street
Watching your every move
The roll of the dice
The numbers come your way
A dealer of pain
It's time for then to pay

You call the shots
A gamble and a loss
A body in the bay
A fatal doublecross

Crime in the streets
Corruption and bribes
Cocaine and guns
Backing down from noone
Not caring who lives or who dies

Easy come easy go
It's not how you play the game
But who you know
Plans are made the orders sent
One unlucky hit
Under six feet of cement

The game is rough
But that's the way it's played
Disobey the rules
Dig an early grave

You call the shots
In for the kill
You're still in control
King of the kill(Instrumental)Riding through the night 
 Covered with bloodstains of humans 
 Honor through blood and steel 
 They will fall to the soil 

 Tonight we ride to avenge thee 
 Returned from the deaths of trickery 
 Torn from the portals of anguish 
 Necromantic curse from the waters 
 Under the dark pagan bloodmoon 
 Battle will lead our victory 

 As we sail the seas of blood 
 In the night we are one 
 Cursing to the crimson sky 
 From the graves we ride this night 

 Legions from the burning desolation 
 We will lust in the pleasure of slavesUnpublished polish lyric.I saw you my son
Contemplating our realm
I saw you my son
And I saw your eyes...
Oh father
Oh my king
I know you see what I see
Oh father
Oh my king
I know you feel what I feel...
As this realm you are a son of the complete circle of moon and sun
Of all seasons I'm proud of what I am
I'm proud of who I am
As you my king
And as my ancestors
I'm proud to be this people
And as my people and as my army I am of moonlord and sunwheel warriorWHEN THE NORTHSTAR IS TO WEAK TO LEAD
AND SUN IS GROWING SMALLER
IT'S WARMTH BEGINS TO FADE!
CLOUDS FALL INTO A COSMIC VORTEX
FEEDING THE COLDNESS
DISTRIBUTING IT
WHEN ALL SEALIFE TURNS TO ICE
BIRDS FALL FROM THE SKY...

WHEN THE PLANETS COLLIDE
WE FADE
TOWARDS OBLIVION TO DIE
EMPTINESS ENTHRALLS

GREATER SHADOWS OF DEAD STARS GROW LARGER
ABSOLUTE TEMPERATURE IS NEAR
ALL LIVING THINGS ARE SOON DEAD
FRAGMENTS OF SPACE, SO CLOSE NOW
JUST A FEW MILES AWAY
OUR END IS INEVITABLE

WHEN THE PLANETS COLLIDE
OUR SOULS ARE BURNED
IN A MASS HYMN FOR THE
ANCIENT ENEMY (ALLiED ONE)
TRUE LEADER OF ALL MISANTROPYRotting away in the ground
Deep within the dirt
The final place to rest
The shepherd called death

As old bones turn to dust
As forgotten cities rust
Silent moves the hearse
A sepulchral curse

Unforgiving flow of time
Leaving ashes to remain
Only headstones reveal
That you were ever here

As old bones turn to dust
As forgotten cities rust
Silent moves the hearse
A sepulchral curse

Cursed flesh!I could not take it anymore
all this waste in front of my eyes
disgusted by human civilization
I take a departure in hatred
I walk solitary through the snow
comprised from self-destructing mania
to heal me
of the sickness of humanity

My hands were bloody
because I tortured the enemies
pushing me to death
and so I wander... searching
with a rope in my hand
unbearable pain of living
through the darkness of the forest

The waiting for winter is over
eternal longing for this cold night
bewildered by the silence of nature
and the morbid shimmer of the moon
I searched for an ancient tree
that, since hundreds of years
carried with it all the living garbage
this was my place to die

My hands were bloody
because I tortured the enemies
pushing me to death
and so I wander... searching
with a rope in my hand
unbearable pain of living
through the darkness of the forest(Instrumental)Stars born from stars
Matter in no finite form
No definition fits as all is one

The lines are drawn as it cannot falter
Matter dispersed and again collected
In cyclic swirls of improbability
Not guided yet with function and purpose

Destruction gaining knowledge of creation
Creation but knowing beginning and end
Physical laws bent but never broken
Ravished by chaos but calmed by it's consistency

On my knees at the alter of the universe
Surging with it's power as it is I
My subjective unimportance
Dwarfed by the totality that I am a part of

Not eluded by pietistic conception
But utterly devoted to the physics of provenance
Finite matter in ageless fluidity
The creation of matter and man

Ashes to ashes
A cyclic manifestation
Ashes to ashes
How right they are

As form withers matter transforms
The continuity of material rebirth
The visible ageless dance of cosmic renewal

In the darkness I pray not for my soul
I revel in the brotherhood of matter

It holds the endless possibilities within the ultimate simplicity
Construct
Dismantle
ReconstructSitting with empty thoughts on my mind
No help from the silence. nor the candlelight
All that`s to be said is to be done
With these symptoms I`ve sure to have won
With de-harmin-high-zing sounds
that eases the time

Symbolic bells have lost their chimes
But still the twisting clouds in the winds
Voice speaks softly
The back light of night is where I find...(Lyrics by Panos Agoros)

Dark on dark.
Awaiting harvest.
These eternal cycles
Our destiny is beyond!
Stagnation!
Meaninglessness!
The fallow times in between.
Our local reality.
Spotted with decay.
Our lives, a slow crawl.
Ambivalent loops.
Behold!
A strong life form with the will.
No more!
No more.
Endless compromises.
Our local reality.
Spotted with decay.
Behold!
A strong life form with the will.
No more.
Endless compromises.Bloodthirsty, or so it seems,
Yet when I'm deaf to the cries
Of innocents,
I achieve glory divine,

What does it mean,
When birds and oceans speak
of needles and the four elements?
When trees are a dynamic
Euphemism for human life,
Cut down by the thousands?

Why can't we drive them back
To Israel,
To Jerusalem and burn it to the ground?
End the judgement,
End the misery,
End the pain that the mountains
Have suffered for untold millenia,
Blood shed on their earthen flesh,
Blood shed in the name of lies,
Now the time has come
To end the reign of all who oppose,

Flee sleep,
Ride on to war,
Is earth still round when
Order carries warlike connotations?
Ensanguined flag waves bitter in the rain,
A muddy deluge,
Falling down around your feet,
Engulfed in coils of electric misery,

An eye for an eye,
Is exactly what we see,
Even though it leaves us blind,
If we cannot rise above,
This concept predefined,
Then truly, this is for nothingLyrics: Eldon Glen Butt
Music: Herb Simms, Pat St. John's, Larry Fowler, Dwayne Whalen

Sometimes you walk the darkness
To reach the light
Pull the other man's trigger
To feel the right

Alteration of morals
Justify the wrong
Condemn the right
Learn to like the man you once despised
Now you look out through his eyes
Public enemy you don't condone
Finds himself your new home

Something to feat now on the streets
That could never be me
Alteration of character
Now he stands where you used to be

Alteration of morals
Justify the wrong
Condemn the right
Learn to like the man you once despised
Now you look out through his eyes
Public enemy you don't condone
Finds himself your new home

[Solo: Whalen]

Something to feat now on the streets
That could never be me
Alteration of character
Now he stands where you used to be

Alteration of morals
Justify the wrong
Condemn the right
Learn to like the man you once despised
Now you look out through his eyes
Public enemy you don't condone
Finds himself your new home

Now he stands where you used to be(Instrumental)(Instrumental)The king of beasts, has arisen,
Mortal fear and terror shall ensue
As he walks, the ground buckles
It can barley support his massive bulk
Reighning from the mountains to the seas
And all of the lands lying in
BETWEEN
Ruling with a bloody roar

TYRANT LIZARD KING
Ruler of forgotten times
Standing mighty and strong
Thy teeth are slaked by thy preys blood
Upon your mountain tall
Your mighty roar is heard by all
You forever shall be known
as the Tyrant Lizard King

No one dares, to strike him down
Fifty tons of urivaled raw power
But just like, every tyrant
His glorious reighn would come to a brutal end

TYRANT LIZARD KING
Ruler of forgotten times
Standing mighty and strong
Thy teeth are slaked by thy preys blood
Upon your mountain tall
Your mighty roar is heard by all
You forever shall be known
as the Tyrant Lizard King

All good things, come to an end
Every king must loose his golden crown
At the top of his mighty rule
An alien foe brought upon his demise
The air it roared the ground it shook
And from the sky came a fiery orb
OF DEATH!!!

The living god is dead!!!All life gives unto death 
And in the end it's all a lie 
Like an everflowing stream 
We flow towards our deaths
At the gates of demise 
The end will set us free
In the mirror, a reflection...
A darkened eternity

The eyes of despair open wide 
When the darkness engulfs all light...
The final curtain falls
To bring the end of your life!
Onward to oblivion - we ride!
Where silence reigns with bloodshot cries
Take your final breath
And in scorn, fade away!

The voids of night engulfing light and souls of living fade to oblivion in unceremonious death 

As your soul departs 
Your world has turned to black
Here you find no God
In torment you will forever be
Agonized in pain 
Tortured here forevermore 
Suffer in silence
For no one will hear your cries!

The eyes of despair open wide 
When the darkness engulfs all light...
The final curtain falls
To bring the end of your life!
The eyes of despair open wide
When the darkness engulfed all light
The final curtain falls
To bring the end of your life!

A peel of thunder sounds your doom
A pall of darkness, enshrouding gloom...

March to oblivion!
Embrace your death
Light the pyres
Which signify your endDeath standard is burning...
stone endures to the ice...insinuating
like ignorance with life
ancient is calling...
keep on looking at me spirits...
protect my weapons...
I respected these walls...I defended your name
Descended in that hole...terror was the key...
cold wind...doors opened...laughing windows...
judging...darkness...
Let me feel that sorrow again
let me feel that joy again
let me gather the bloody tears of your walls
I need to erase the small beings desecrating you...
I need to die for you...
I can smell the fire
I hear crying and screaming...
I smell the death...let me serve you...
let me guide your army...
Those secular wise branches trust me...
Mother listen to me...
Intolerance is growing up...
My spirit is growing up...(Lyrics by Anders Jacobsson, October 2001 and January 2002) 

A, mundus facit nos redire, redire ad secessum.
Spesne aliquando veniat animis tenebrosis quae solae ambulant.


Hear my silent prayer as I weep tonight!
Dawn gets greyer, thou hast taken flight!


Love abandons the soil, leaves a shade
It whispers 'goodbye' as we quietly fade away! 


Lacrimae ex oculis meis fluunt,
sed crepusculum fletum meum tranquillat.
Please, give us wings to fly!
Without love our world dies... it dies!


To drown in the cold mournful sea
So lost here in a world not meant to be... for me!


The fading moon cries in vain,
as the rising sun reflects my pain.
We sail on seas of guilt and shame,
but still we feed this lovelost flame... with hope!


Hear my silent weeping as I pray tonight
Night grows colder, but I see a new light.


Beautiful night, to thee we pray
Let the truest of love come our way!
Beautiful night, to thee we pray;
Let all the illusions just wither away!Enter the weeping halls
Through chamber of whispers
Through darkness
Beyond the tomb of the undying
Beyond the spires
Under the iron gate
Cloaked by night
Palemoon beyond
The fortress of mystery
Know not dying
Sorrow consumes him
Eternal hungers
Grant all power of darkness

Walking not living
Through the forest of moaning
Through shadows
Beyond the crypt of Wallachia
Beyond the stone
Under the veil of fog
Cloaked by dim
Cruel moon beyond
The valley of grimness
Know not ending
Lust consumes him
Eternal longing
NosferatuTo St. Giles and no remorse
So demented and untame
Start tearing up the Earth
Who's influence and who's to blame

In the ground for some time now
Elizabeth's long gone grey
You find the lid it's decomposed
Have you wondered who will pay

Bring her upright to the top
Her corpse is all decayed
Swing the blow now don't stop
You've succeeded uncouth raid

Like a ripped up wreath
Ain't gonna rest in peaceIk huil in de nacht 
Naar de maan als een wolf 
Die naar zijn prooi lacht 

Dood komt met een glans 
De bliksem danst 
Op het lemmet 
Voor het bloed vloeit 
van het lam van god 

Over de met mos bedekte rottende veengrond 
Waar ik de duivel vereer van schemer tot morgenstond
Heilig altaar 
Van knoken 
Het noorden verwacht mijn roep 
Onder de sterrenhemel getekent in de draak 
Waar ik het mes laat glijden en de maagd haar kreet slaakt

De gulde snede 
Die even verbind 
Met mijn onsterfelijkheid 
Als geest en in Hel 
Demoon van Hem 
Is mijn heerlijkheid 
Een god 
Gevangen op aarde 
Verlost in het vuur

Door de gang van geheugen die de gezichten draagt van hen die stierven
zodat ik mijn leven als mens door het geven van bloed snel mag vergeten
in de krochten van de vlammende HelSilver twilight, a shining lake
Silent whispers through dying leaves
Heathen sounds in rings of fire
Drifting smoke through midnight trees
Mighty Ygg-ash, standing tall
Outstretched limbs to those on high
Starry brothers laugh together
Piercing through a blackened sky
Leaves dance circles, wind and rain
Casting shadows never-ending
Pale autumnal moon is weeping
Eclipsed by darkness fast descendingAs above so below
Lightning scars the stone
Propagate in purest vacuum
Horizons eclipse the known
Awaken great abyss

Seirizziim devouring the eucharist of stars
Prima giedi deneb algiedi

Offerings to the other side
Mortality as ritual
Exhale the breath of life
Germinate the seed of phosphor
A bleating babe from nothingness

...visita interiora terrae rectificando
invenies occultum lapidem...

Nashira - tethered to the flesh no more

...visita interiora terrae rectificando
invenies occultum lapidem...

Seirizziim devouring the eucharist of stars
Secunda giedi algiedi
A king ordained a teitan born the pregnant void
The point of the broken horn

Reaching back beyond the pantheon
From beneath the surface of flame
...visita interiora terrae rectificando
invenies occultum lapidem...

NashiraMy soul is now enclosed, in these perfect spheres
My soul is now enclosed, in these perfect spheres

The last old man in the crystal throne
Freezing my face and heart
The last old man in the crystal throne
Soon the battle will be done (bis)

My soul is now enclosed, in these perfect spheres

Looking through the fire in my hands... the magic's power has been granted
All years, wars and catastrophes... passed in front my eyes
A solitary personage...of strange world
My only enemy is the time...there will be a crime

Solitude hurts my soul in a big sacrifice
I am a living in eternal time of ice
The glaciers my only company
Perpetual search for the eternity

In the cold walls of my castle
Waiting for the new opponent
The fire's lord, the lost beast
Wisdom come from a future birth(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Sustain the system
With bloody hands
Mentally imprisoned
Controlled by fornication

Constructed psychic barriers
Dehumanize

Release your inner tensions
Embrace your carnal soul
Lusting to be unfettered
Unbound as flesh and bone

Planting seeds in fertile soil 
Becoming sin
Soak the blood of life onto you
Thrust off the chains

The conception of original sin
was meant to degrade
Our fivers of life, our bearers of fruit
the Mother enslaved

The damage is done by taboos of sex
but not beyond repair

When love is made to be a crime
Those who love must rise
Summon the beast within the man
To cast away the demonHere's to my old father
Who made me a better world
He may be of blood
But he is thicker than blood shall be.
His only love will reside with him forever
In the grandest memories of the past
The truest of all human beings
Enforcing everything he belives in.
A man of peace and simplicity
At one with the cards life has dealt him.
Mourning for eternity the only one he has ever loved
No woman could fill such mighty shoes
His kindness & support will never be forgotten
An important figure where another was absent.
The respect I have been taught
Will be taken to my grave
An immortal in my eyes
The outdoors his calling
His hardworking hands
combed these eternal valleys
for several years now
'Tis his time for rest & peace.He should have paid attention.
Looked closely at my blood.
Seen the colour, even the smell was off.
He should have taken heed.
Nothing close to pity.
Sliding over some edge within myself.
I am going to open his skin with my bare hands.
Claw past his ribs and tear out his fucking throat.
Gorge upon his blood. Puke it up. Come back for some more.
I'll let my knuckles do the rest. Split them open on his stupid face.
'Till he's slumped back in shock. You're sorry?
Well that did not stop me. And now to you without your strength to tun away.
Or close your eyes.
Face flushed white lips grey and bloodless.
I should have spared you. I should have shifted my gaze.
But I let you read what would happen. In the blackness of my eyes.
How I would have her.
How I already have.
Where would I take her.
Where I already have.
To a room. A dark room or any room.
What would you call it- what would we call it?
Here at last is my darkness. I am hungry, blind, unclean, and full of wrath.
I crave the pain and the knowledge it bestows.
Your boyfriend dies and soon you will too.(Instrumental)(Instrumental)I am your shrine 
I am your womb 
You rest inside of me 
My flesh shall be your tomb 

Your words decayed
The foulest rain 
A shroud of mildewed lies enwrapping your remains 
Your body draped 
Next to mine 
Exposed to all unless they've chosen to be blind 

You cause my sweat 
To drop as blood 
Soiling this meager ground of desecrated mud 
Your mind depraved 
You've crucified yourself upon my barren grave 

My fingers tenderly 
Caress your face 
I shall preserve my hatred until the end of days 

I've conceived you 
I've destroyed you 
You were still born 
Inside of meA religion based on fear
The bible is not true
No fear at all-no sin
Illusion do not need
Every moment is the last
To be dead for next time
Love the death as the life
Constantness is the right
Love the death as the life
Many masters came
Mostly they were slain
Every form is different
Separated one
Love to be in joy
Beginning in end
Don't believe in parents of parents of the parents
Body spirit soul
Evil to know more(Instrumental)Your presence surrounds me
gives me strength to carry on
I raise my voice in glorification
and bow my knees and praise
I long Oh Lord for your Holy Spirit
Come to me again, again and again

I stand before the throne of God
in awe in front of you
You are my strength and my hope
I praise thee Lord Oh King of the North

To you I come when dark clouds gather upon the nightly sky
You listen and help me in the right hour
Nothing need I fear, for you wander next to me in darkness
and let your light shine upon my path of obscurity

I need not fear when destruction comes
I will laugh at destruction and famine
I will know that my fort is secure
I will come to the grave in full vigour

For you Oh Lord are my strength and my hope
You have ransomed me from death
I have found my peace in you
King of the NorthOn the night of Remembrance
Wherein the years are counted up
And the number of the months is told
Let my name br given to me!
On the night of Remembrance
Let my name be given to me!

A coming forth by day...

In the House of Per Neser
And in the House of Per-Ur
Let me, oh, remember my name
Let my name be given to me!
In the House of Per Neser
Let me, oh, remember my name!

And in the House of Per-Ur
Reu nu pert em hru

Homage to Thee!
The mighty one in Sekhem
Lord of Eternity
Neme of Thee is established in the mouths of men

On the night of Remembrance
I am dwelling with the Divine One
Take my sit on the eastern side
If any God cometh after me
I declare his name forthwith
I declare his name forthwith!I; A Thousand Fires But Made From Flesh Of One
A Searing Self-Sacrificing Pyre
To Rise From The Ashes Of The Sun

I: A Thousand Fires Coruscating Before You I Stand
Embrace Me With Your Deepest Devotion
Adhereing The Fire Inside My Hand

Concern Not For The Pain Shall Not Embrace You
Let Our Sheath Ignite The Skies
Encircled In Our Own Infernal Chasm
Cleansed In Our Ashes; Of New Flesh We Rise

Behold New Life As We Walk With Fire
& Dance Inside The Flames
Behold This Night Conscripted Through The Ember's Eyes
Awake & Abolish Thy Shame

I Am Of Fire, We Are Of Fire, Fire Eternal, Fire Is DeathThoughts drip from the stone they've been hidden in 

Words too sagacious for this negligible peripheria 
Just filthy beings wriggling in their own futility 

Defective world of pariah that imbalances the universe 
Drops of shadow cast through the ancient words(Instrumental)The sky is burning
muslims are skreaming
in this apokalyptikal night the time has kome :
by fire we have made our unholy work done.

Thermonuklear Assault
tonight a deadly sun is shining
Thermonuklear Assault
a new age of desolation is rising !

No more humans on Earth
that's our way to celebrate the Antikrist's birth
in blood, in war, in death
we write the rules of human faith

Thermonuklear Assault
there is no tomorrow
Thermonuklear Assault
enjoy death and rise high the word of Khaos.(Instrumental)She sucked the wrong cock

Her mouth puts a dick up,
A really dirty cock,
Splash of sperm on the tongue,
Viruses and batteries go down for her esophagus.
Now she is vile, pale like a dead
She sleeps between the sweepings
No one wants now to fuck her,
She's alone in her sickness

She's infected!
She sucked the wrong cock

When she wants cum again
She inserts a mouse in her cunt.

She sucked the wrong cockConfused as if I found the truth and forgot it
Defeated by a tearless contempt
Living as someone else back in times never been mine
A train of ghosts is coming through 

Driving my inward reality down the road of nothing

Today I am lucid,
as the sound of my nerves jolting when the world passed me by
Staring at all the scars of the battles avoided

And between these stones and drought
I invoke my own self
while everything around me is slowly fading
Reclaiming inch by inch my inner terrain


It tooks a long time before Icame to the broken gateway of destiny
always on the edge of awaking

Between these stones and drought
I invoke my own self
Between your crackling bones and unfaithful promises
I invoke my own self
while everything in me is slowly fadingWith totalitarian art the social conscience is revived
Imprint the main message into the human mind

Create an image to embody your thoughts
Make it so clear for all that there won't be no doubts
No identity or personal taste will stand the test of time
So articulate your vision and follow all the guidelines

Art can be a weapon, the fuel for revolution
Together they must stand, artists and politicians
They revise their plans to secure mass approbation
Working hand in hand to influence the nation

This is the power of propagandartDon't you know what hides, that box of the mind?
Few know what's inside, fear seems the reason of all.

Live by wondering every time,
what is hiding inside?
Secrets of the dry eyed?
Life is made to dream and die.

Don't you know what hides, that box of the mind?
Not anymore.
Few know what's inside, fear seems the reason of all.
Not anymore!
And the dreams are still on and on!

Open the box, let it all go,
remove the locks, to see what we all avoid!

I hide my nightmares in it!

Open the box to unhide,
future, present and past life.
A box full of dark nights.The path of light chosen, 
the route of the Devil himself.
By the marks of the ancient beasts,
we follow the flame. 

In the crypt of a sacrifice
a new order is born. 
Symbols branded in black hearts 
fill the chalice of demonic might.

A congregation ritual,
yet to be started under the primeval star. 
The Sun set behind the horizon 
now burns in the scripts of life. 

And Darkness becomes Light.

In fires of the Earth created,
A congregation of Sin. 
For we are many, 
Legion is our name. 
A satanic threat, 
A blasphemous crusade. 
Preachers of immorality,
we celebrate the seven deadly sins.

What is called Sin,we adore. 
Enslavement we reject. 
The chains of father of heaven melted
and fallen to the abyss deep. 

On the altars of blasphemy 
the sacrilegious ritual 
The stigmas of Lucifer 
are now on human hands.

Not the lambs, but lions 
in the arena of mankind we have become. 
A demonic driven force,
a strength from below.

And Sin became a Virtue.(Instrumental)Vers 1:
Moribund asperse,sacrifised to dawn
Clouds of the midnight,a burial in silence
Mother of Light my eyes slowly open
Descending the throne where Dream used to reign

Chorus:
On your bare skin my shadow is dancing
Without demands my eyes lie alleviated
I inhale you, I breathe your soul
Your scent I welcome into me

Vers 2:
You are the one who I once was promised
You out of the common hymn of Fall
Without fear you enter my Ingermannia

Chorus

Stick

ChorusEvil voices arise inside
Time for alcoholic nights
Maniac souls are ready to fight
Let hell break loose

Darkness comes
Don't fear the night
Come with us
Metal lust

Break your chains
Feel the sound
Raise your beer
Start the fight

Raise you fist
Possessed by metal
Raise your fist
Possessed and evil
Raise your fist
Let hell break loose

Raise your fist...

Infernal Legions
Raise their fists
Leather and chains
Blood and beer

Hammer of death
Metal nights
Together we stand
For metal we fight

We ve got no fucking God
(So) Praise the sound
Of the metalgods

Kill em all
Death to all
Fire and death
In metal we trustSeeing into tomorrow I will know my fate
Destiny won't make me cry
'Cause I'm a seer and I'll know what
Will be happening
Visions runs into my mind

No time to die
When you around me
You try to haunt me
Those visions of tomorrow are
Making me wiser

Before the time
I make my rhyme
I'll know
Before the flowers springs
Under the light
I'll know
I have those visions of tomorrow

No fear of the future I feel so tired
Destiny made me cry
Featuring feelings and will
Of the masters
I will go against the time

No time to die
'Cause I'm the seer
All is so clear
Those visions of tomorrow
Are making me wiser

Before the time
I make my rhyme
I'll know
Before the flowers springs
Under the light
I'll know
I have those visions of tomorrow(Instrumental)Joy is slowly turning 
Into forgetfulness
Painful conviction is calling story
I'm following traces of lost fate
Calling cursed name of fate
I'm rising my hands
Taking conviction
On last cry of crack mouth
I'm throwing holy words in heaven
Words of last thirst
Only my words
Meaningless commentary
No one is already able to answerSonic demons piercing skulls
Angels in darkness of fear
Pieces of peace never together
I hunger your flesh so pure
Hear the howl of the beast
Nornhy moans of the witch
Led to the sabbath unholy
I take your protected innocence
No love will save us
No hate can stop us
Together we rise above
Together we rule it all(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Decievers, holymen
You'll perish in fire
No longer will your words
Save meaning and power
The symbol of weakness
Lays broken and scorned
I vomit on your laws
I vomit on crucifix
Vomit on crucifix
Inhuman laws you preach
I laugh at your beliefs
You blindmen, you cowards
Afraid to face true life
The symbol of weakness
Lays broken and scorned
We are the hunters
You are the prey
Hate you
Scorn you
Kill you
Vomit on crucifixArchitecture Of Silence
(Lyrics: Hacky)
 
Silent waterfalls of blood
Bones and skulls breaking without noise
Questions unheard, unanswered 
Life extinguished without a sound
 
Snowcovered woods
Deafness creates a sound
None-life 
Void
A painting,
...still life 
 
Lucifer is still ahead (and inside)
Shining...not screaming
The light between the stars
For the questioning ones
 
Snowcovered woods
Deafness creates a sound
None-life 
Void
A painting,
...still life 

I have fucked...the restless waves
Landscapes without noise
growing, withering, dying...but telling
Architects drawing screaming deathlines
In waves of silence
 
He escapes from vibrant bleeding veins
Unfolding bridges to the abyss
You're imagining something
You're hearing...nothing..."Dancing on waves of fire
This wound will never heal
Until we take what's ours

Whispered and foretold in dreams
A war that I shall lead"
Thus spake the morning star

Like lightning falls from heavens with thunder crashing down
So fell the ancient serpent and slithered underground
Cast down from the gardens, free will his only sin
The first of the martyrs, the one true rebel king

So gather all ye philistines, it's time to let the evil rise
Climbing from the pits of hell, apocalypse is realized
Beyond the walls of time we call on the deceiver
From circle number nine now crawls out the blasphemer

Spikes and chains and studded belts
That's how it's going down in hell
Marching forward bound by spells

Satan wears leather
We all rule the underworld together
Satan wears leather
In defiance we stand and fight forever

There stands the accuser, unrelenting and so proud
Laughing at the losers who never turned it loud
There stands the denier, to lead the revolution
Set paradise on fire, one final retribution

Burning like the seven stars, the devil's mark on every sleeve
At his hooves we kneel, by his three stripes we're healed
North from here and south of heaven, in every far-off land
Every girl crazy 'bout a sharp-horned man

Spikes and chains and studded belts
That's how it's going down in hell
Marching forward bound by spells

Satan wears leather
We all rule the underworld together
Satan wears leather
In defiance we stand and fight forever

Satan wears leather
We all rule the underworld together
Satan wears leather
In defiance we stand and fight forever

"Now rise with me ye men of clay
To bring the end of days
Ascend and lift your hearts

Dancing on waves of fire
This wound will never heal
Until we take what's ours"I will tell you something
Fucking promiscous bitch
I`m gonna snap myself
From your stinky belly!

The bastard who fucked you
You know he`s a bastard
He cummed his lust and weakness
This shit gave me life!

You was pregnant of me...
I`m the child...unwanted!

Yes you was pregnant
But you never wanted that
You tried to give me
The premature death
The only stuff you obtain
was only shit!

Because something passed front me
It gave me conscience
Was a big mass of darkness
It wasn`t an act of love
Just called domination

It hasn`t face
But it looks so colder
So colder than death
But it looks so colder
So colder than a grave!!!Verse 1 
The trees you can hear them as the wind it picks up pace 
from all the wheeling, dealing and betrayal taking place 
In the midst of dodging the flying debris of crooked scams 
The side effects of blindly trusting lying thieves 
It's hard to hold on in such instability 
It's hard to hold on when your pulled and shoved repeatedly 
Is this the disaster which finally ruins everything 
Is this the disaster from which there's no recovering 
Verse 2 
Yes I have been watching as the illness grows each day and 
all that I've been watching, it will pass then come again 
They don't care to know or believe in the harm it is they're 
doing and some of us stand in awe at the destruction of 
everything 
Verse 3 
It's time for choosing, the peach is shifting, the world is shaking 
The highest point is coming down, the grip is slipping 
The highest point is coming down to the world that was. 
The world we watched 
Verse 4 
Earth it quakes, the fence it breaks as we reach the end 
You watched, now you'll run and you'll hide, but only on one 
battered side. Tensions growing, hate increasing, the watchers 
have gone their own way to find seclusion till the dogs close in 
and on that day everybody dies 
Verse 5 
There's not a sound, but the dead trees if frozen wind off iced 
lakes and streams, There's not a sound, no one to see 
No living things. Nothing left that breaths.Fighting with rage
Darkness is awaiting
For total holocaust

The battle of ages
The battle of the fallen
Merciless slaughter
The evil omen

Harvest of sorrow, reapers of souls
The black hordes sow desolation
Barbarian warriors of lugubrious faith

Impure and unholy, filled with hate
Darkness is awaiting
For total holocaust

Supreme evil triumph over the weak
Annihilating hope, desecrators of souls
The scythe of death glows with wicked pride
Darkness is awaiting

For total holocaust, hell breaks loose!
For total holocaust, you kill or you die
For total holocaust
Darkness is awaiting
For total holocaustFertilization of malformed ovaries 
Miracle or modern medicine 
Deformed fetal development 
Coupled with drug addiction 
Propitiate nature's law of selection 

Embryos incubate in this diseased womb 
Fertility drugs mutate the stronger of the two 
Fraternal twins vie for more nutrients 

Grotesque umbilical cord emerges 
Ridged needles puncture the soft epidermis 
Meticulous and precise, this living extension 
pumps stimulus into the unwilling recipient 
Drainage of vital fluids 

Accelerated growth patterns facilitate the hunger 
Complete absorption, causes sibling to crumble inward 
Shriveled body floats lifeless 
Awaiting to be born deadSleep brings no joy to me
Remembrance never dies
My soul is given to misery
And lives in sighs ...
The shadows of the dead,
My waken eyes may never see,
Surround my bed
That from which they sprung - eternity

Beneath the turf
The silent dead

Sleep brings no wish to knit
My harrassed heart beneath
My only wish is to forget
In the sleep of death
Death is my joy
I long to be at rest
I wish the damp earth covered
This desolate brest

Beneath the mould
The silent dead

But the glad eyes around us
Must weep as we have done
And we must see the same gloom
Eclipse their morning sun

Oh not for them - Should we despair
The grave is drear - But they're not there
Their dust is mingled - With the sod
Their pale souls - Are gone, to god

Well, may they live in ecstasy
Their long eternity of joy
At least I wouldn't bring them down
With me to weep, to groan
And what's the future
A sea beneath the cloudless sun
A mighty, glorious, dazzling sea
Stretching into infinity

My inner sanctum
R.I.PBlackened, abysmal
White flames lick my shredded flesh
Crystalized, immortalized
My destiny is to char

Consume me, Lucifer
Digest me in the belly of hell
My soul is nothing but filth
I wallow in my disease

I wallow in my disease!Nocturnal rites, this is the purging of the soul
An invocation of torment dreams
Nocturnal rites, the rite of darkness is bestowed
Unto the temples of the flames
This is purging rite of darkness is bestowed
To bless my creation in its throes
Nocturnal rites, within the flames to sit beside
To never realize your dormant fate
Nocturnal rites, unto the darkness we are bound
Within the throes of serving pain
I condemn your soul to burn
Words are profane, from tormented screams
Die for the deeds of your own
Ways of unholy thought
I am but a dream
Come and feel my grave
Nocturnal rites, came once the serpent kissed the soul
Unto the depths of tormented screams
Nocturnal rites, I found my darkness in its throes 
When torment winds condemn my 
Darkness... to my... throne...Thresholds of disease
Prepare the troops to enthrone the earth
Marching through the temples
To defeat and kill the faithful ones
Tyrants Armies
Impending to pull down the sky
Loss and death consecrate the endless curse

Tyrants Warlust
Conquering the war
Tyrants Warlust
Conquering the world

Disease and nothingness
Sign of the endless war
Tyrants troops, warlust and hate
Will arise the antichrist

Thy Legions will return!Walking in an obscure tunnel
which seems to be never-ending
I feel exhausted, step by step
feeling that I'll never overcome

As I walk, years after years
I've not found an issue yet
so I carry on with move forward
with no hope of any end

As a stairway which forever climbs
I follow this tiring way
during my walking, days after days
I remember my own life

But I feel so indifferent
that I forget these sad thinks
I carry on with move forward
fallawing always the same way

Sometimes I stop, to make a break
to rest myself a moment
after I've seen that I can't turn back
and I take to my way again

Slowly, hours after hours
I'm walking step by step
following my way
and I wonder if this way has got an end...Cold winds
broken over sharp
jagged weapons
onto skin
casting black shadows.

Shattered minds
parallel to the window panes
that let in
the piercing winds
that spilt the arms
and legs
like razors
and knives

Makeshift enslavement
tears mixing into blood
waterfalls
and death
Enter remorseI woke up in the middle of the night
But was I dreaming? Was I screaming?
The only thing I remembered, was the thunder roaring in the sky
I knew it didn't make sense, but the axe was the first thing I thought
My nose was bleeding, my hands were shaking, we knew it did'nt make sense!

I remember warm tears on your face, as I was lifting my axe up, I hurd the suffering in my head, screaming, what are you waiting for? Remember me, the last minutes of my sanity, I can't live anymore with this curse. What am I waiting for?

The coldblooded, the unexplained, down the seller is the book. The words that made me dream of pain!
Coldblooded, I'm insane, yeah right, I'm fucking insane! You knew me better than this thing I am, now listen to me!

''Invoking the spirits of the north, as the Ravenmoon shines!''

And then he killed them all, with the axe of shadows. And the mighty northern gods, guided his journey forever. Forever!

The coldblooded, the unexplained, down the seller is the book. The words that made me dream of pain!
Coldblooded, children of darkness, sent by the Ravenmoon, now we rise forever!(A) Vessel floats and does darkness bear 
Silent calm of the grave is there 
Now and then hear the death-knell ring 
Mist surrounds it 

Rotten masts rising in the sky 
Putrid flesh there`s no sign of life 
Hollow eyes of the Undead glint 
Madness rises 

Prechorus 
See St. Elmo`s fires burning 
As the Wheel of Time keeps turning 
But the curse goes on forever 
Lost souls roaming through the never 

Ref/ 
Hear a legend reborn 
See the crestfallen facing the eye of the storm 
The Ancient Mariner is back 
As the Phantom Ship has hauled the flag 



Many lifes do they range the seas 
There`s no mean that can set them free 
A decade do they have to wait 
To hit the land 

Ocean boils still the ship sails on 
Through the storm - try to turn the Horn 
But in vain every time they fail 
Weather-beaten 

Solos: Andrey/Pavel 

There lies a wreck on the dismal shore 
Moonlit sight, upon mounts of frost 
Steam fog does from the ashes rise 
Souls are crying 

It`s Wicked Twin does still fight the waves 
The ghostly bark here and there is seen 
Eerie tale never seems to end 
Famed in legendsFace the terror that lurks unknown
Book of the ancients to cause abominations
Souls floating endlessly, no hope
Pazuzu took possession of their souls

Ia Pazuzu, brother of Humwawa
Make your presence known with plagues
Dong breath, erected penis, wing of death
Masturbation of the gods, the fever spreads

Black shade drops
I can see the dead
The unborn dances
With the lord of plagues
People fall like flies
Beneath my worn out feet
They beg the elder ones
To restrain the rotting beast
Back, in its hell, back

I can see the armies fall, defeated by plagues
Master of the plagues showing his face
Silhouette of the dead plagued
Hear their cries
Where Pazuzu stands, people must die!The sea is vast
I drift through dismal scapes
Melancholia
Paint black my prostrate soul
Others died
Shall I?
In clouded autumn day
Beyond the eath

And sun drowned down
I seized by strange sence
It never rise again
Then night descends
And spread the ghost moonlight
The star-flecked sky.....demise


I close my eyes
And feel the dark inside
Eviscerating meThe night's chaos! We sharpen the ritual dagger!

Poison of the earth, breath of fire,
acts of fire, seeds of lust!
Poison of the earth, possessed all souls,
acts of fire, seeds of lust!

The spirit of the old as one with the night
for the night's chaos and poison
poured into this flaming chalice!

Poison of the earth, consumed by fire
axe of fire, seed the lust!
Poison of the earth, asundered by fire,
possessed of all souls, seed the lust!

Change the night! Dark is the night!
And cold are the sins of flesh!
Change the sigil! Hold the dagger!
And penetrate the flesh of the night!

The beacon of black light shall illuminate all darkness,
and to be poisoned by the lunacy of the moon!

The burning axis!(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Fields of ecstasy
Serenade klassick myth
Interwoving magick
With cultivating tradition
With pledge of blossom
To the congisance of spiritualism

Semahyianic ritual
The field is enthrusted
To her guardian
In conquest of Seri Bumi

Scattering
The pawanginised sprouts
That is forty four days
Biddhan's chosen soul of rice
To gain the mother - sheaf

Charmed in vociferous crescendo
To be with Prophet Tap
For the soul to rest at its place

The sign is the breeze
The sign is the swaying stalk
Chant - the recognition of Seri Bumi

The grains of our gentle Siti Mani
The hymns of seven months
Is one hymn of golden harvestIf you wanna see the flames swallow your house,
You should strike a match and throw it away
If you wanna hear your dog terrible screams,
You should take the knife and do one little motion

If you wanna feel blood stream in your vains,
You should take the cutting edge and you will know, what is pain
If you wanna throw away everything in your brain
You should make the step to the point, the point of no return

Just one thought in your mind
Just one step in the dark
Just one bang in your face
Just one kick in your ass

If you wanna taste the bitter of the life,
You should make the step and split up with your wifeBow down now
Hellfire will soon be unleashed
The waiting has finally end
Satan has claimed His throne

Oh pity you humans
You have lost your faith
Now worship the call of Ninagesh
Our mighty Black Priest Angels have fallen
And demons have reigned
Gather your souls for our immortal Lord
Raise the swords of hate
And give your faith to Satan
Nothing will stop Him, our Lord Lucifer
For the glory of Satan
He'll plague this world with fire

Slaying souls
Reaping shadow
They are demons play
I swear upon
My very soul
Queen of Darkness shall unveilCommiting crimes each day
But time has changed where he was proud
It's a far away 

He took living easy, his bad reputation
Oh it was known all around
But he didn't care no, he made dirty money
Now he is down and out 

Thought he knew the tricks of life
Prowling in the dark
Now he's left by all his friends
'Cause he lived apart, of them
He was a leader, malicious and violent
His fame is covered with blood
Now he's just a number, he lost all his power
The king has lost his face 

Down down down, though the king lost his crown
Caught and sentenced, he was guilty
Down down down, though the king lost his crown
It's too late - far too high
Late far too highmusic: B
lyrics: B

Major...
Fuck...
Off!!!Time has come
 Dreams turn to reality
 Glance to the future
 Skies are amalgamatin' 
 With the earth
 Eternal oppositions
 Light and darkness
 Neverending battle is goin' on
 
 Trails of offence
 Washed off by blood
 Scars will remain
 
 Where' is you - respond to me
 Approach and confide
 Reveal secrets - burn the lies
 
 So hurry up
 Towards new day
 I'll guide you to thither
 Where time has died away
 
 Before dawn
 You'll see a starshine
 Follow for it
 And you will come
 
 To the gates
 Of defeated prospects
 Pain & fear
 Forever gone
 
 Cast away the chains
 Desired freedom
 When all will be done
 Last words will be said
 Know that I will find you
 And together
 We will go away 
 By hand in handI bleed into the night, once again i'm betrayed
Emptiness - my path, loneliness - my destiny
All hope have withered, and all life is lost
Relieve me from these tearing emotions
Fear is the only thing that is left in me
The fear for being human, and for being here
Witness my last useless fucking hour 
For I cannot stand this overwhelming dark

A life so distant, a place so far away
For my mind to rest, and for the blood to flow
Drain my fucking body - blade of endless shame
Show me what i'm worth

As the hopeless red falls to the ground
I shiver, for I realize this is my way
My way to end this pain, and to leave it all
What life gave me, is now so far away...I draw my strength from an ageless spring
Through blood and long tradition -
On mountains high in azure sky
My Gods direct my mission
I heed the words of Wotan well
As he leads me on my task
And a thousand voices from an age unknown
Ring down from a mystic past
ANd I long to reach Valhalla
And I year for the days of glory
And I clutch that life of greatness
As in legend, fame and story
Bound by blood!I seek in the darkness for a victim to kill
So bleed can fleet in the streets
Souls of dead men will cry in the night
And all demons will come to the light

Now, so come on let's jump in the fire
So come on, let's jump in the fire
I am the master of evil
I am the master of evil!

I call for Satan in the night
It said there has been a victory fight
So iv'e gone out to kill again
Cause I like it, do you understand?

Now, so come on let's jump in the fire
So come on, let's jump in the fire
I am the master of evil!
I am!
I am the master of evil!

I coming in the night
If your scared cry out
Cause evil is here to stay
And you are standing in the way

Blood
Master of evil
I want your head

Master
Master

Master- OF EVIL!!

Master
MasterLonging for nights filled with peril
Remember all ye that existence is pure joy
Winds silencing deathbells to a dull tinkling
The sorrows are but as shadows
They pass and they are done
Stomachs twisting under a grey concrete heaven
Man has the right to love as he will
As the lice are leaving cold bodies
In search for a new host
Where they will dwell

I keep on longing for a site that can bear no eyes upon it
All those wicked devils that walk the earth
The stench wrapping around us like a wet blanket
Scarlet whores bestriding us
Waving grass and the tearing of spinelike trees
The infinite cosmos through the egocentric eye in the pyramid
Breath whistling through our mouths

As we keep longing for the inevitable woe upon others
Soft and hollow
Coins blinding eyeless sockets
The sound of flute in dim groves that haunts the hills
Ghostly foundations of humanity resounding with moaning
Avoiding many of the false paths structuring the chaos

We are descending Jacob's ladderIn the begining as in the end
Death round the air
But in the end There's nobody to kill
After the war
After the years
Thousand years of barbarism
Decandence of the human raze
For me die houndred of man
And houndred born for die
When our guns begin to fire
And hit christian souls
Eternal throne of a dead god
Surrounded by flame in hell
... And no one can change the world...
Then begin to scream the children under tombs
Filled by the lie created in the church
A lie taht cannot show the scene of the only true
A lie that is just a farce, hide in their church
... An they know that is true...(Instrumental)Alien to herself, the future's protector
Exposed and threatened, unknown
She arrives, hunts alone, extraterrestrial sector
The state of which cannot be described
At terminal unity she finds her path to the mother
A fight to the birth of the universe all over

Fell through space and time, weapon of creation
Centuries the elder, galactic mechanism
To restructure through particle displacement
Drawn like quantum lines in the sand

Energy threshold, exposure breach
Teaching us lessons by caustic touch
Retrain the brain's way to explain
Nothing from something, from nothing to nullify
Left alone she tracks the mother
The brain behind all the othersIn the pits of hell
The migh of god has fell
The demons have shown
The path that leads to bones

The stars have shown the signs
The whispering of these man made lines

Chorus: Destroy!!!!!
Darkness i serve Defiend to God
Nightfall Of Demons
From Far away lead their mysteries
I cry when Angels die

The guilty Priest have embarked their christ to the rampling stones of ice
Demonic Satanic
By the Arial Christ thats crossed

Desire within
The succubus have woed their woe
Succumb for hell
The path which leads to holliness

The stars have shown the signs
The whispering of these man made lines

The guilty priest have embarked their christ
To the rampling stones of ice

Sathane from Hell
The adversaryof mankind
Creation of God
Has to worship clay which matters not

Chorus: Repeat

From The raging Grimoires
The necromantic pentagram
The wicca's have turned
To join the mystery pagan's land

The guardian of the gates
With Their fairy maids
Shall enter the throne of twilight

The mourning sun
Has never begun
With skies that blind our eyes

'EVIL LAUGHTER'

In the darkness i shall serve
The holy seems to see this curse
The human spread from good to worst
With regret and remourse
To an endings that's Frost
(Repeat 2 times)
DIE!!!! DIE!!!! DIE!!!! DIE!!!!

VICTORY!!!!!!!!
VICTORY!!!!!!!!
VICTORY!!!!!!!!
VICTORY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I hear it from all wall 
I feel it from everyside 
It heavily attacks me 
It takes me to an illusion world 
I can not escape, I can not shout 
My body becomes hard like a steel 
The evil time passes, I perspire 
Something is just going to happen 

* The room is full of sorrow and hatred and 
The anger... In the room... Kanashibari.... 
Possessed the room ! 

I feel an uncommon cold 
I hear tragic shout from hell 
Uncanny hands which appear from the wall 
It violently strange my neck 
The blood sprays splash from the ceiling 
And it dyed my body red 
Someone holds me up to ridicule 
The evil eyes gazed into me 

* (repeat)(Instrumental)HERETICAL DEPRAVITY OF THE CATHOLIC FAITH, ABOMINABLE SUPERSTITIONS 
GIVE THEMSELVES TO THE DEVILS, INFLICT TORTURE WITH DIRE PAINS, ANGUISH 
INSULT THE DIVINE MAJESTY, AT RISK OF YOUR OWN SALVATION 
INQUISITORS- PROCEED TO THE PUNISHMENT 
DEMONS- CLAW AT YOUR SOUL 
BEGGING- TO GO UNPUNISHED 
VISIONS OF THE PERVERSE ONE, IMPRISONED TO THE BLACK ABYSS 
IMPENETRABLE TO PERSUASION, GLADLY RESIGNS TO DEATH 
PRIMEVIL INFECTION, FREE OF THE CATHOLIC DEBT 
HAMMER OF WITCHESFrom my infancy I was noted for the docility and humanity of my disposition. My tenderness of heart was even so conspicuous as to make me the jest of my companions. I was especially fond of animals, and was indulged by my parents with a great variety of pets. With these I spent most of my time, and never was so happy as when feeding and caressing them. This peculiar of character grew with my growth, and in my manhood, I derived from it one of my principal sources of pleasure. To those who have cherished an affection for a faithful and sagacious dog, I need hardly be at the trouble of explaining the nature or the intensity of the gratification thus derivable. There is something in the unselfish and self-sacrificing love of a brute, which goes directly to the heart of him who has had frequent occasion to test the paltry friendship and gossamer fidelity of mere Man.

I married early, and was happy to find in my wife a disposition not uncongenial with my own. Observing my partiality for domestic pets, she lost no opportunity of procuring those of the most agreeable kind. We had birds, gold fish, a fine dog, rabbits, a small monkey, and a cat. This latter was a remarkably large and beautiful animal, entirely black, and sagacious to an astonishing degree. In speaking of his intelligence, my wife, who at heart was not a little tinctured with superstition, made frequent allusion to the ancient popular notion, which regarded all black cats as witches in disguise. Not that she was ever serious upon this point--and I mention the matter at all for no better reason than that it happens, just now, to be remembered.

Pluto--this was the cat's name--was my favorite pet and playmate. I alone fed him, and he attended me wherever I went about the house. It was even with difficulty that I could prevent him from following me through the streets.

Our friendship lasted, in this manner, for several years, during which my general temperament and character--through the instrumentality of the Fiend Intemperance --had (I blush to confess it) experienced a radical alteration for the worse. I grew, day by day, more moody, more irritable, more regardless of the feelings of others. I grew, day by day, more moody, more irritable, more regardless of the feelings of others. I suffered myself to use intemperate language to my wife. At length, I even offered her personal violence. My pets, of course, were made to feel the change in my disposition. I not only neglected, but ill-used them. For Pluto, however, I still retained sufficient regard to restrain me from maltreating him, as I made no scruple of maltreating the rabbits, the monkey, or even the dog, when by accident, or through affection, they came in my way. But my disease grew upon me--for what disease is like Alcohol!--and at length even Pluto, who was now becoming old, and consequently somewhat peevish--even Pluto began to experience the effects of my ill temper.

One night, returning home, much intoxicated, from one of my haunts about town, I fancied that the cat avoided my presence. I seized him; when, in his fright at my violence, he inflicted a slight wound upon my hand with his teeth. The fury of a demon instantly possessed me. I knew myself no longer. My original soul seemed, at once, to take its flight from my body; and a more than fiendish malevolence, gin-nurtured, thrilled every fiber of my frame. I took from my waistcoat-pocket a pen-knife, opened it, grasped the poor beast by the throat, and deliberately cut one of its eyes from the socket! I blush, I burn, I shudder, while I pen the damnable atrocity.In consciousness and prepare 
To fight (to fight) 
My hands grip strong 
And rule life to be 
One member of the others 
Will not be useful when fucking failed 

No I start to fight 
Please bag you get out of my way 
Scream and pain will rise 
To play whith the open cards 

Emotions of fire hope 
That's what I'm saying 
Until dawn residents 
Will screen out 
Until dawn survivals 
Will climb up... 

Emotions of fire hope 
That's what I'm saying 
Until dawn residents 
Will screen outHouse Of Shadows
(At Reiser's Mansion)

Night is screaming and calling us
Like mother that is calling child
Blind we stand in the room of dark
Light is fall and died

The shadow curtains on our faces
The moon is laughing bright
The wind is singing the melody of grace
We are acursed ones

Surrounded by the cold walls
We feel their painfull cry
Their memories are strong and eternal
This terror must die

Madness is creeping slowly
On fear of what's beyond
We are the slaves of our taughts
But we must hold on

The sun come up on wings of hope
All shadows are gone
The greatest fear that man can have
Is a fear of unknown

I can't tell what we have seen
In that house
But those who will go once there
Are never the sameDon't forget
this time, this place.
Wake from this nightmare
be reborn.
Prove to me.
Show to me.
Bring me closer to love.
Prove to me.
Show to me.
Bring me closer to life.
Take me with you I said.
I can't, life replied.
Please don't forget.
This time.
This place.
Learn from this nightmare.
Take me with you
be reborn.
Don't forget.
No regret.

I won't forget.Self inflict, harmless fix, mind adrift. 
M.A, nineteen, senses, fading, 
Far beyond insanity. 
Centers burst exploding out, 
Life in lust I've had enough. 

Ha ha ha, human flaws 
Bow down to your knees 
and crawl. 

[Chorus] 
Spill, the remains of your will. 
Sacrifice your Self. On the altar of Stealth. 
Stigmatized but left, 
In a conscience that's deaf. 
To the pleas inside, Ego parasites. 

Backing vocals 
Blood-shot eyes 
Stigmatized by time-proof scars 
Sacrifice your selfish lies 

Rising thin, from this skin, walls go dim. 
Pulses, Speeding, Visions, Blurring, 
Stripping off conformity. 
Past illusions meant to hold, 
Melt into a stream of mold. 

Oozing blood, never mind; 
Open up my both eyes blind. 

[Chorus] 
Spill, the remains of your will. 
Sacrifice your Self. On the altar of Stealth. 
Stigmatized but left, 
In a conscience that's deaf. 
To the pleas inside, Ego parasites. 

Backing vocals: 
Blood-shot eyes 
Stigmatized by time-proof scars 
Sacrifice your selfish liesWarp drive - a tin can will engage
Small sized - some vipers are in range

Laser gun fire, the blaster response
Ignition of morbid x-ray
Shield required, power at once
Laughing while enemies pray

Starchaser, reinforcements by the sun
Starchaser, hounded on the run - on the run
Starcaser, starcaser, starcaser

Red light - male function means this sign
Hell fight - but victory is mine

Laser gun fire, the blaster response
Ignition of morbid x-ray
Shield required, power at once
Laughing while enemies pray

Starchaser, reinforcements by the sun
Starchaser, hounded on the run - on the run
Starcaser, starcaser, starcaser

Glory - is iron when alive,
Halfway - reborn after death survive

Laser gun fire, the blaster response
Ignition of morbid x-ray
Shield required, power at once
Laughing while enemies pray

Starchaser, reinforcements by the sun
Starchaser, hounded on the run - on the run
Starcaser, starcaser, starcaserFor those kohled eyes
A flame in the dark
I'll sell the world
And break the rite
Sacrifice
Help me a while

Our hordes had become kingdoms because of you
The queen of desert the pearl of the sand
Pain and blood were paid to win you back

De profundis Clamavi

Walls and the walks are haunted
Spirits and shadows of the past
Jinns and their slaves restored
And mysticism in the cave

Spill the wine in my cup and finally hail for life

Coloured wears smile to us
We who dignified the ones before us
Golden children dream to be
In the shoe of each one of us

Hold me
The night uncovered your naked heart
Love will drag you on and on
To the bed of fantasies
No resistance that's your fate
Destiny brought you to me

Abhor, abhor and hate
Abhor and hate the wounds in me
They are medals of my wars
Abhor abhor and hate

Hold me
The night uncovered your naked heart
Love will drag you on and on
To the bed of fantasies
No resistance that's your fate
Destiny brought you to me

Spill the wine in my cup and hail for life
The land is ours so seize the day
The race for pleasure drives the fool
De profundis Clamavi

You can scratch if you wish
And then bite me till I die


For those kohled eyes
A flame in the dark
I'll sell the world
And break the rite
Sacrifice
Help me a whileDarkened necropolis, midnight sharp,
nobody else will see.
A six foot dig, open the casket, there she
waits for me.
Her lifeless body, cracks and splinters,
as I start to raise her.
In eagerness I carry on,
In lust for my Stargazer.
Deterioration, rotting flesh,
violation of a fossilised wench.
A degrading thought to seduce a corpse,
dry reaching from a horrid stench.
Parting the thighs, a sickening crack,
festering hole open wide.
Enter my partner, close my eyes,
so cold and dry when inside.
Ignore the sounds that fill my head, the
crunching of flesh as I thrust.
Sweat profuses my body bare,
driven by bizarre lusts
Run my tongue across her mouth,
formaldehyde I taste
Dislodge my member from her hole
and head below the waist.
As I feast between her thighs, her throat
emits a deafening cry
A filthy claw grabs my head's back,
and rams it up her rotting crack.Direct current, visit another world.
Find myself, facing living visions.
Talking to me, advising my direction.
I succumb NATURALLY? NATURALLY?
NATURALLY? NATURALLY?

No places for sceptics
Scourage of humanity!
Place me under their spell
For fear of HELL! I COMPLY!
I COMPLY! I COMPLY! I COMPLY!

Hallucinogenic icons
I worship gratefully!
Will they be able to give me
The strength that I need!

In the end, all I see
Religious, HYPOCRISY!
HYPOCRISY! HYPOCRISY!
HYPOCRISY! HYPOCRISY!(Instrumental)A majestic sky foreboding, looms above
Lurid scent of winter fills the air
Behold the loss of beauty, life and love
As Rose petals, brittle, all die here

Lifeless waters
Wash upon dead shores
Children of abandoned man
They all die here

A crescent moon 
Twin spirit soon to fall
As shall his ardent sister

In decadence kin shall
Copulate in shame
Corrupted love versed
Again and again

Man shrieks in defiance
The pillars of nature
Crumble and fall in decay

Chaos descends upon swirling atrocious winds
Peace shunned flee upon battered, broken wings

Severed lie the numerous bodies and limbs
Of the dead casulties of war
Betrayed and slain at the sinister whims
Of blood lusting lords

The Spirit of the Gods, lost to the world
And darkness comes creeping from eerie lairs
As fiends ravish lands undettered
Thus she has fallen into despair

Omens in the night-sky
Tell of horrid deeds
Of dark times come to grasp
A soul scarred and shunned

A crimson moon
Diety of dark skies
To fall, forlorn

From the north rimtursar
Gather their hordes
To unleash upon the world 
(Three years of Winter)

Nations lie in ruin 
Souls are dead and barren
Thus the night descend

Midgard's lands into utter chaos thrown
Doomed to suffer leprous decline
As the dark seeds of Ragnarok has grown
Into a malicious beast's design

The Night has fallen as mankind dies
As dead soils are swept by winds foul
The minions of the nether-worlds arise
As thorns to scar her soul

A world but of carrion
To feed vultures and crows
No life shall flourish
No seed shall growFire scorches my flesh
This is real!
What was I to lose, just to burning in this hell
I, insane, shall die in shame
Am I insane to to die in pain
My pried has died
Death from inside,
Deadly cyanide spread so wide
Fearful fate, I know, lies in fire
I'll cry in fire then die in fire
See my desire wither in fire
Perish in flame,
Then call me a liar
The ghost that is alive,
Alive but dead,
Dead but unburied
It haunts to haunt my avatar
It makes me regret forever
Fear with no reason rises inside
Why I lied then let my pried die,
I'm so scared but I don't know why
Death as a saint I shall deny,
I shall defy, I shall deride
See my desire perish in fire,
Wither in fire, and then call me a liar!
Die all the believers!
Die all the deceivers
Die an eternal death!
Die in misery!
Die for insanity
Hear the Hangman's Hymn
I wanted to change the world,
It was too late, now meet your fate!
I saw the world's end
You did! I called up the devil!
What a fool!
Did you think that you would die upon the cross?
I thought I'd be blessed!
You don't want fame after death?
I don't want it, I don't need it!
Born again
I thought I was a chosen few
I had touched the truth
Don't forget your souls belongs to us
What a fool you are now burn in hell
You know it's your fate!
Are you glad to be burning in hell?
Welcome!
I'm yearning to be freezing!
Are you glad to be caught by a spell?
Welcome!
I'm bleeding! You called up the devil!
What a fool!
I called up the devil, what a fool
This is the end of the dreams for you!
This is the end of the dreams for meMass human extinction- Regulating population control. 
Treated as Human Resources and slaughtered for sacrifice. 
The world bound in hostility- Waging wars against our own humanity. 
Are we setting the stage for an Apocalyptic Revelation? Leading ourselves towards the path to Annihilation, 
People ignoring the Truth- Being lied to and seduced. 
A crazed, controlled, toxic mass media frenzy exemplifying deceipt to obtain social Order out of Chaos. 
The Ancient Tower of Babel rebuilt- Monetary inflation poisoning the way life is lived. 
Constitutionalized- an illusion of democracy. 
The World filled with poverty 

Environmental disaster- Religions fulfilling the Rapture. 
Economies collapsing- Social uprising is happening. 
Problem-Confusion-Sollution- Will there be any retribution? 
The Eye set on destruction- World War 3- The whole world burns black...Behold! Again I'm trampling eviscerated bodies,
My hands are washed in blood and I enjoy the sight
Of mutilated children heaped beneath slaughtered warriors.
I bathe in blood! My soldiers raped all the women and 
I'm insane with pleasure listening to their desperate wailing; 
knowing that they'd be massacred, and then I'll sodomize them all...

We left the town devastated; survivors shivering in terror,
 The flames of grief flickering behind my soldiers.

                                 Anno 734, Month 6, Day 24. ,
                                 From diary of unknown troops leader.(Instrumental)A DAGGER FOR YOUR HAPPINESS, PIERCE IT BLEED IT DEAD
A PRISON TO CONTAIN FALSE WORDS YOU'VE SAID
A MIRROR FOR REFLECTIONS YOU'D NOT WANT TO SEE
THAT YOU MUST STARE AT EVER ENDLESSLY

IT LEAVES YOU SCARRED.

A MONUMENT TO YOUR MISTAKES, PROCLAIM IT TO THE WORLD
A SPOTLIGHT AS YOU WATCH YOUR LIFE UNFURL
A SPARK THAT FLASHES WILDLY, UNTIL IT'S A RAGING BLAZE
A NIGHTMARE THAT HAUNTS ALL YOUR WAKING DAYS

IT LEAVES YOU SCARRED.Made it hollow
Scars, pain and sorrow
It seems you fed it
When you gave it all up to faith
It's growing, beloved sensation
Cut me open just to see what
Makes you want to wound me
With your knowledge found
The point is moot for anesthetic
Or would you numb me
So the drugs could wear away
That's life for those born to suffer
It seems the time has come
Relief in what you need
Open hearts forever bleed
Pray, belief in what you see
To bring the heavens down
One must worship from the ground
Flee, withdraw and hide away
Conceal your shameless face
Hollow acts are such a waste
Be, no more to life than
Belief, it's ignorant to
Be, searching blind for
Meaning, sold your soul for
Free, criticized for stealing
A soulless form
It seems you fed it
When you gave it all up to faith
Giving birth to the slayers
Of meek religions
All knowing, deformed creation
Cut me open just to see what
Makes you want to wound me
With your knowledge found
The point is moot for anesthetic
Or would you numb me
So the drugs could wear away
That's life for those born to sufferThe mercury is climbing
The air is thick and dry
The temperature keeps on rising
From the toxins in the sky
The layers keep depleting
In an atmosphere that dies
From the degradation
That is the slow decline
The outcome for the blindness
A sentence for our crime
This menace man's creation
A peril we devised
From our deprivation
The destruction we provide
Will become the ending
To our own demise

The outcome will be hell
Hell on this earth
To poison our beginning
And our rebirth
The outcome will be hell
Hell on this earth

Slowly the erosion
Becomes our suicide
As the deadly gas keeps seeping
And spews into the sky
The triatomes grow weaker
To eminently die
As we taint the heavens
With our poison fuming knife
The gaping wound is open
And torn into the sky
CFC's corrosion
Envelope from inside
Dissolving the ozone
Furthering our plight
Forcing us to answer
The question's now in sight

The outcome will be hell
Hell on this earth
To poison our beginning
And our rebirth
The outcome will be hell
Hell on this earth(Instrumental)(Info: Guest Vocals by Matthias Jell)

I caress the cold blackened Skin.
A Whore soon dead as Life has fled.
Necrotic scent unfolds.
My tainted Touch burns in her Veins.
A husk diseased, gagging to breathe.
Soon nothing left but Bones.

You can find me at the Cemeteries.
There, where Death is most real.
I await.
Where the Maggots crawl, there I wait for your Soul.
You can call me by my Name.
I am the Plague.

You will know me by the trail of deceased.
The dead sprawled in the Streets.
Putried Bodies, my Trophies, they're mine to claim.
So waste no Prayers.
Your God is not here.
My Presence brings you all Despair, so...

...Bring on your Dead.

I caress the cold blackened Skin.
Another Soul add to my fold.
Necrotic scent unfolds.
My tainted Touch burns in her Veins.
A Face so pale as Life has failed.
Soon nothing left but Bones.

You will know me by the trail of deceased.
The dead sprawled in the Streets.
Putried Bodies, my Trophies, they're mine to claim.
So waste no Prayers.
Your God is not here.
My Presence brings you all Despair, so...

...Bring on your Dead.Suffocated in slumber 
I won't manage to return to the living 
Floating suspended in a void 
Detached fom reality 

Dull light comes through the window-panes 
Any contact is impossible 
I can't distinguish between night and day 
I am the outcast 

Faces are more and more distant 
Objects consumed by their own outlines 
Depression grows around 
Tightening persistently on my neck 

If you know my destiny 
Let me guess 
How many days are left 
Before I burn like waste 

Suffocated in slumber 
Suffocated... 

I once believed in the rubbish 
Fostered by dignitaries 
I let them lead me like a child 
Here I am but I ceased to be 
Suffocated in slumber 

Suffocated in slumber 
Suffocated...Woke up in a dream and I'm still in a dream
I'll never get out anyway
(I was) born in a dream then I live in a dream
(I'll) die in a dream any day
Please wait for me until I am ready
Ready to face the fate which I have to face
Please wait for me until I am ready
Ready to chase the fate which I have to chase

Into the pit of hell I'll fall
Lost is my glory still I recall
Into the pit of hell I'll fall
All of my pains I'll take them all

Let me out, Out of this dream
Let me out, I am living in
Let me out, I wish I had known that
I'd be a dweller in my own dream

Let me out, Out of this dream
Let me out, I am living in
Let me out, I have to let it done
But when I'm out, this world shall perish

Am I living in a dream or am I just dreaming
It does not matter as it's the same anyway
When I die in a dream, the dream will die
I can kill the dream, yes any day
The end of this dream is the end of this world
Destined to perish, destined to be forgotten
Before we see who the dreamer is
Before we see who the believers are

Let me out, Out of this dream
Let me out, I am living in
Let me out, I wish I had know that
I'd be a dweller in my own dream

Let me out, Out of this dream
Let me out, I am living in
Let me out, I have to let it done
I will take the whole world with me(Instrumental)Invisible voice now don't forget
You have no choice turn of your set
Life on the straight and narrow path
More and more you get a psychopath

The goldfish drowned the cat was found
The public didn't make a sound
I cannot rise, I can't be phased
Square heads are the latest graceI'm walking next to you
To the grey upon your shore
I breathe your salty wind
And my ears hear your wave's roar

Most precious things got lost
Lost am I upon your sand
Your waters grey from hope
From those dreams died hand in hand

Two rusty sails appear
My eyes rinsed saltwaterly
A light in grey disorder
Sawing spindrift of the sea

The rust becomes a shape
And the shape a ship in form
It's weeping wordless poems
Telling legends from the storm

It's landing in the bay
Softly wavering on your hands
The sails run down the mast
While the gangman nearly lands

I'm entering like a pilgrim
On my lastest pilgrimage
On deck sit icy frozen
Numbed man in badinage

I'm placing my beloved
Right into the frozen round
I leave the ship's planks groaning
And the sails I set to sound

While you take man my dear one
Into a grey moven swarm
Your voice signs while I'm leaving
Telling legends from the stormI am the undead, in vain you try to stop me. 
In vain you've kill my flash
I hate you cause you hate me
I am the sum of your fears, unholy and always awake
I can smell your thoughts
I can hear your mind. I make no mistakes

Forbidden epitaph, whritten with upside down words!
Forbidden epitaph above an empty tomb
You're soulless and worthless
Nothing can stop you to die
Evil! Godless! Your own life makes you cry

Death and life are twins
So why do you love your life?
While worms will dig your corpse,
Your spirit will arise

I'll died but I'll come
As ghost to trouble your mind
Anger! Fury!
Against what I used to be

Above an empty tomb 
The evil takes a look
I read the forbidden words
I call the unholy lords
I've carved the ancient curse on stone.Again, I wake, my vision impaired
I can barely speak, damnable stupor
My limbs paralyzed, I hallucinate
Forms and shapes I both adore and hate
Slumbering incessantly
My mind whirls through the maze
Of nightmares given birth
By narcoleptic illness
Corridors unveiling
Their paths are dimmed and I,
am blind!
The blazing gate is crumbling.
Eidolons entwined
Envelop my every sense
My lucidity ebbs.
Must wake up,
Must run away,
Must get up,
Must escape.
Separating reality from delusion
No longer possible.
This pain I'm feeling is absolute
Vigor scattered,
Composure tattered,
Reasoning shattered,
Senses battered.I hate my life
I hate my job
I hate my face
I hate my shit

I don''''t care
Motherfucker

I''''m going to hell

You''''re a loser
You''''re so fucking dumb
You''''re no goddess
No fucking way

I don''''t care
Motherfucker

I''''m going to hellThe target is me, a monster you flee
I hate what you say and you do
A mirror is there and look if you dare
The fool that you see's only you
Oh, no, you won't, nail me to you tree
Or hang my head up high
No kingdom reigns over me
Despite all the liars I see
Don't give me your
"Save my soul" cure

I - I'm still alive, and I, am a soul survivor
You can't understand, why
I - I'm still alive, and I, am a soul survivor
Damn you holy man - alive

Can't understand, the lord of the land
You heart and your head made of stone
Lay in the sand my blood on your hands
For God's sake just leave me alone
Oh no, you won't, nail me to your tree
Or hang my head up high
Restless is all I can be
Ruthless and reckless you see
I don't need your
"Save my soul" cure

I - I'm still alive, and I, am a soul survivor
You can't understand, why
I - I'm still alive, and I, am a soul survivor
Damn you holy man - alive

Force suppression, that's what you do
Tell me what's in it for you
Listen, I'm on to your game
All your lies are the same

I - I'm still alive, and I, am a soul survivor
You can't understand, why
I - I'm still alive, and I, am a soul survivor
Damn you holy man - aliveI don't believe in your religion
I don't believe in your god
I don't believe in your love
I don't believe in your fucking cross
They are saints and seek resurrection
Have much riterion not corruption
Speak with the truth no false-hoods
Have a life of devotion
And I spit your resurrection
And I spit your criterion
And I spit your truth
I get sick of your devotion
And you call him brother
If I don't believe in your god
Your false salvation
And your cynical black clothing
Son of a bitch fucking priest
Where do you want to go ?
With the money
And it's stupid religion
They have a blindness by the avaricie
They have a blindness by the ignorance
They have a blindness by the luxury
They have a blindness by the power
And we are betrayed by the church
And we are betrayed by our father
And we are betrayed by the society
And we are betrayed by the ignorance.(Instrumental)Feeling cold, dead inside 
If I was a hypocrite, I'd find 
If I was able to follow this straight line 
I'd fall downwith hypocrites, I'd die! 
Grounded to, grounded to my pride 
Hatred spreads over me, plants seeds in my brain 
Molests visions and laughs inside me 
Berserk, my thoughs find no rest 
(I'll Never) Press on 
And my hell rages (on forever!) 
Joined together 
(Master and servant) 
For lack of logic renders (the sides the same) 
Dead on the dance floor 
Spastic gyration 
Dead on the dance floor 
No one will miss you 
Dead on the dance floor 
Rythmic robotic pace 
Dead on the dance floor 
You shake or ass but your already dead 
(No one cares) 
Feeling cold, feeling dead inside 
If I was a hypocrite, I'd find 
If I was to follow this straight line 
I'd fall down with hypocrites, I'd die! 
Grounded to, grounded to my prideCold blooded murder this is
The burning will was not our choice
Scared eyes are staring at the sickness
Raped bodies will never be buried 

Our children were slaughtered 
by the holy might
We all live like beasts in the field
When your skull is crushed, 
he smiles with joy...
God will dance on your grave
He'll dance on your grave
and spit on your stone 

[Solo: Adzic]

Preachers of holiness 
believe in the innocence of God
We're hatred and born to bleed
Shall we survive in hell or commit suicide?
Before my eyes all shall die
But the preachers are hiding 
behind the walls of stone
Immortal death lives inside 

Cold blooded murder this is
The burning will was not our choice
Scared eyes are staring at the sickness
Raped bodies will never be buried 
Our children were slaughtered 
by the holy might
We all live like beasts in the field
When your skull is crushed, 
he smiles with joy...
God will dance on your grave 

Indemnity is lost 
in this world of beasts
Lay down and face the doom
in these black hating eyes
...my eyes! 

[Solo: Adzic]

Preachers of holiness 
believe in the innocence of God
We're hatred and born to bleed
Shall we survive in hell or commit suicide?
Before my eyes all shall die
But the preachers are hiding 
behind the walls of stone
Immortal death lives insideIn a reality of uncertainty, masquerade by childish games,
a fool and stupid man went to west,
unaware of his Fate,
sadist brother of mankind,
pitless voyeur of life.

He drowned his life in a cruel ocean knowing his useless name
one of few things, maybe the only one he knew
Fate is a turd, the supreme turd of universe,
and annihilated his faith: a stupid name

Time, past's avenger, used up the man
He saw himself in a broken mirror
each part of that was a rotten piece of meat
shreds of truth cut
by the Butcher of Existence

A sensational possibility, offered to the ant of globe: to revive,
destroying the past, bringer of pain and solitude
To start again a new life
mistook for an another,
wiped out from society and his family!

Liberty, and dirty money, filled Nobody's life
he changed name, cities, loves but He was out
He hadn't got a social reality
and He was a Life foreigner
Lost, totally lost...

Without specks of dust;
He might embraces death again
No love in this apathetic heart,
No ideals in this tragic mind,
No fights in these ghost limbs,

But now, He is the Late
Dead or live? Everything is worse than the first nightmare
Captured by the Fate, It doomed him to the nullity.
Impossibility in his state, inept of life and inept of death!Under the pillars of flesh
Where the hopeless yell
Stinks the taste of death
Blowing winds of lust

Yell their pain
Yell their lust
Breathe their greed
Into death they must
The halls of lust

Bloody cuts mark their skin
Pale faces sneer
Crying empty eyes
Into the final ride

Lost their faith
Lost their sin
Hope for death
That gloomy grim
The halls of lust

Yell their pain
Yell their lust
Breathe their greed
Into death they must
The halls of lust

When the night falls
Darkness cloaks this gallery of cruelties
Freezing fog covers their tortured bodies
Oh...this endless winter night
Offers depressive silence
Awaiting the first light
To begin and pump their blood
Into their rotten veins

Fill the halls with lust
Flee from the night's frost
Let the filthy blood flow
Make the painful final cut

Yell their pain, yell their lust
Breathe their greed
Into death they must
The halls of lust

Lost their faith, lost their sin
Hope for death
That gloomy grim
The halls of lustBeyond all horizons
Beyond all dreams
In the cold and evil north
I belong eternally

I am the lord without a master
I am Belial, the warrior from the north
I am the spirit from the mysterious kingdom of the unknown
I am Lord Belial
I am the mighty warrior
I am Lord Belial
The spirit from the mysterious kingdom
Where angels fear to tread
Those fucking angels

I am old but wise
I am the mystic entity
That you can hear whispering in the night(Instrumental)01 - Again & Again  06:02
(Re-play/re-compose of "Again and again" track from the "Depths of Silence" album)

02 - Suicide End  18:28
(Musical composing of this track is included the "Self-slaughter" and "Morning" tracks of the "Depths of Silence" album)

03 - Agony to Death  11:36
(From the "Az Zendegi Ta Gour" album)

04 - Love's Death part I  09:16
(From the "Love's Death" album)

05 - Love's Death part II  02:19
(From the "Love's Death" album)

06 - Darkness  11:05
(From the "Depths of Silence" album, at first released under "Darken" name)

07 - Cold Sigh  13:31
(From the "Depths of Silence" album)

08 - Twilight  06:58
(From the "Az Zendegi Ta Gour" album)

09 - In the Grave  04:10
(From the "Az Zendegi Ta Gour" album)

10 - Groan  36:08
(A bootleg track from the year of 2008)

Total Time: 01:59:33(Instrumental)Christ on the cross, such a symbol of lust
come and behold thy seed
Ejaculate at the first sign of pain
Erect from the sight of the blade
Agony is the ultimate high
And death is the ultimate rush
I wish I could do this again and again
Satisfy this sinful lust
Remove this white shroud from around my waist,
I cannot bear to have this constraint
The exhibitionist in me

As the nails drive into each of my wrists
Fluid falls down to the gardens of Geth(semen)ie
Not touching my cock only adds to the thrill
Burning for release, the demons inside of me
Auto-erotic crucifixation, sado-masochristiansanity

Agony is the ultimate high
And death is the ultimate rush
I wish I could do it again and again
Satisfy this sinful lust

Remove this white shroud from around my waist
i cannot bear to have this constraint
The exhibitionist in me
Put me on the cross

As the nails drive into my flesh
Fluids fall down to the gardens of Geth(semen)ie
Not touching my cock only adds to the thrill
Burning for release, the demons in sodomy
Auto-erotic crucifixation, sado-masochristiansanity
I cannot bear to no do this againI am nothing in front of my fascist whore
I need here fascist piss
Here in front of you
You submit all your men
You are redemption
My hand is all full
Can i love you, please
No orgasme to xhoose
I won't give you none of my own 
You won't know what it is, so go in me

Sodomize me
Sodomize me, in my ass
Go on and go on 'til I rot
I love you, don't feel any pity
I love you insane
I'm just opened for it
I want to suck you
Dominated, dominate me
I need your fascist piss
I need your fascist shit
Dominate me
I'm nothing in front of you
Fascist whore
Piss on me, piss on my face, piss on my face please
Piss on my face, shit on me

Mild urine
I'm in on the sofa
I'm in amen
I'm inDisaster Area

When I get home, only four walls wait for me
Place of regression, I enter without fear
It's been a long time, when she no more whines for me?
It's been a long time, no more she steps into my dreams

Annoying silence already filled my ears
Eternal darkness got right into my eyes
My empty heart did only turn it's back on me
My dirty soul is only thing that I have got

My empty house is a disaster area
Place without love
Place without hateFlowers for your funeral;
Flowers for your grave...
You're going to die--
Killed by me!

Your soul is dead!
My power grows within...
A rotten body;
Blood is on your face...
You are destroyed by my hatredGaia, the leach of the cosmos 
A faulted cog 
None of us were ever meant to be, not a single being 
We are catastrophe flawed 
Always in orbit, infested with a slew of beasts, life 
The death preacher comes to put an end to this world 

Chorus: Fifty thousand years inside the star 
Draining the life out from her 
Until a wicked mind of science comes 
Hold back the key, the cult of Pandora 

We must erase ourselves to set her free 
We can redistribute the energy 
Know none of us were ever meant to be 
We are disease 

The selfish needs of all are bleeding dry the sun 
The ultra-goddess sits in rest and waits for us to stop 
Yet still we feed on everything given to us without want, 
but take too much and leave them none 

Gravimetric propulsion is unequivocal 
on a subatomic level 
One day you will see 
Set her free 

Chorus: Fifty thousand years inside the star 
Draining the life out from her 
Until a wicked mind of science comes 
Hold back the key, the cult of Pandora 

Gravimetric propulsion is unequivocal 
on a subatomic level 
One day you will see 
Set her free 

Chorus: Fifty thousand years inside the star 
Draining the life out from her 
Until a wicked mind of science comes 
Hold back the key, the cult of Pandora 

Gravimetric propulsion is unequivocal 
on a subatomic level 
One day you will see 
Set her freeNo more, no more
No more intellectually void
Enough ill conceived faux-losophy

Clandestine to the herd
Yet so clear to those who see it
Details obscured to protect the secret

And should there be questions
Dismiss them right out of hand
Egalitarianism - be damned

Sworn allegiance to futility
Laws concieved in artless rites
Detractors be damned esoteria now in command

When you grind it all down
When you grind it all down, it's nothing but pulp
An abject byproduct

For I have denied
The flesh and blood of Jesus Christ
I ride as a knight in secular service

For I have the nouse
And I possess that wisdom
The shining delta that knows all things

In the land of the blind
The one eyed man shall rule
If you look hard enough you'll see this parallel

For someday one may rise
One to turn this world on it's head
It'll take more than perversion of dogma and virtue
To be the catalystThe fairy higher up enshrine in heaven,
By whose pure laws upon your nether earth
With their great bridegroom, who accepts each vow,
Which to her gracious pleasure lust conforms

Mine eye, that far as it was capable,
Pursued her, when in coldness she was lost,
Turned to the mark where greater want impelled,
And bent on feather all its gaze

The Second Over Tuoni's Realm
Thw First, the last and those to come
Feel the fros heel while snow shines
The First, The lat and those to comeThey lost their chance
To built their world in peace
But efforts are in vain

All their being was
To kill each other without cease 
We must remove this stain

They have no rights to live
They have no rights to be
The human must be slayed
Then planet will be free

We will create new world
With equal rights for all
Soon mutant force will rise
And mankind star will fall

Led by blood, filled with hate
We must kill all men. Mutant power!
They are earned only death
Slaughter mankind. Mutant power!

Mutant power! x5
Mutant power now!

The only blood is able
Wash off all their disgrace
Our goal is to clean
The Earth from human race

We will not spare children
Their women have sweet taste
At last the time has come
To burn all human waste

Led by blood, filled with hate
We must kill all men. Mutant power!
They are earned only death
Slaughter mankind. Mutant power!

Mutant power! x5
Mutant power now!

Soon mutant force will rise
And mankind star will fallcan you hear that raging thunder?
it sings do high in the sky
the echo to times, it pounds us all
they pound they high worldly spike
and the brightest star, so bright it did shine
it filled us with guidance and pride
for in the times of battles, struggles, and wars
the fathers gave unto us mighty Northstar

and as i walk here
through the green of the black star-filled night
I can feel the call of the sky, with a voice of such nature
that i can connect with my surroundings, with a new level of total focus.
and in this environment, i can learn the ways of the past
to futher myself in a way so different than the rest
so that one day, when i am called from up high
in the hall of eternals, looking down below, i may live on.

"hail now, to the northern sky
home of the ones before
shine ''o brightest star
skywards to Allfather''s hall
home of the ones before
shine''o brightest star"

can you see that raginf flame?
it burns so high in the sky
the illuminate of times, it shines to us all
the shining of that worldly spike
and the birghtest starm so birght it did shine
it filled us with strong northern pride
for in the times of past, present, and on
the fathers gave unto us mighty NorthstarThere Is A Place
Hate And Abyss
Lost In Another Dimension
The Search
The Sickness
Mental Disruption
Pure Holocaust
Sacrifice
To False Gods
Called Themselves...
Believers
Seems A Hell Hole

Decompose Thoughts
Over The Mental State

Darkness

Mind Is Confusing
Mentally Disturbed

Torture Yourself To The End
Covered With Blood On Your Bed

Crying

Silence...

Massive Violence...
Violence (x2)For victory we'll fight and for victory we'll die
We march into battle and there's thunder in the sky
Our enemies retreat, filled with madness in their eyes
They fall by our steel and they run for their lives

The battlefield is red by the blood of all dead
We hunt them all down and make trohies of their heads
Fight without fear, fight with no mercy
And no man will ever shed this pagan

Blood, this pagan blood

For glorious death we ride into war
Our Enemies shall die by the steel of our swords
The northmen is here, twisted and disturbed
Christians beware, this bloodthirsty horde

Into cold darkness these pagans shall fight
Nothing can bury their freedom or might
Carved into runes, their names shall be known
The were the men that was truly of pagan

Blood, this pagan bloodStart dust in my eyes
Winter cold in my hand
Moon dust in my heart
Moon reflexion, deep inside my eyes...

On the path of self individual revelation
A fixes its freezing glance on me

Expression of the digging dimension, like a truth that my only soul can touch. The infinite loop of inverted powers appears, inside of me...

Each thought I have each deed I make,
Is a seed which modifies the relief in both dimensions, wich charges the universe with an unempty emptiness. But also fills emptiness with plenitude...

Our lives and deeds are only livid agitations,
Fertie excuses of god's spirits,
The only power is love, But hate is just an antipowerNo longer do the cries of the moon entice me,
For it has long distressed and died,
A dismal horizon...No desire to exist,
Ravishing darkness eraticates light,

Into a void where light can't survive
An unknown passion draws me closer,
I am possesed by the blackest desires
I am possesed by the blackest desires,
Murder, rape, blaspheme, satan
Murder, rape, blaspheme, satan...Hurt self-opinion, restrained envy
Or maybe self-opinion and envy of your fathers
They erupt from you life a flame
like a flame from a volcano and madness of revenge
The silence of the father speaks by the son
The naked truth of the father reflects in the son
Jealousy is the leader on the rod of thoughts
Inspired people for the charms of revenge
The earning for revenge shivers from every mourn
A sharp knife stays behind every praise
And being a Judge is the charm
It's the greatest felt emotion
How splendid they reflect and compete
Firmaments and arches in a fight for domination
By lights and shadows they go forward
To one another. The forwarding to the light...Cuando la oscuridad cae sobre nosotros y la luz de la manana es negra como la noche
Neblina abraza la luz, tormenta quema los cielos mas yo con mi espada peleo contra la muerte, Con mi Dios peleare
A satan vencere

Fuerte soy, guerrero 
A satan vencere(Instrumental)You are the innocence
You are the purity
I wanna shed your blood
I'll rape you...you will see

You are twisted
Between my hands of ache
Twisted...
In my evil sickness

I wanna slit you between your legs
And lick your blood for my satisfaction
I wanna smell your fucking sweat of fear
And have to see you suffering...

I only follow my instinct
And have to satisfy my bloody thurst
My thoughts are dark and my actions are evil
I hail the horned and you will get the worst...(Instrumental)...since I was a child, I saw my own way.
and god was not a part of it.

I am so sick of hearing your preach about heaven
all this bullshit about paradise.

[chanting]

You (The) christians must be stopped from spreading all the lies,
(The only way to gather them, with a )
(with the sound) (a bang.)
Have mercy
It's the ending...of your life.

As my mind slips away,
I see no end of this misery
The only truth is myself,
I can't go on this way
NOOOO!!

[Chantings]
I use for killing, to the end of the rainbow.
All alone I'll be there.
NOOO!!!
When their time has arrived.
Have mercy.
It's the end, of your life.
When their time has arrived.
Have mercy.
It's the ending, of your life.they were the beauty itself
they were the love they were the wisdom
the ones with hidden untouchable faces
brightly they shone in timeless glory
you love them
you need them
you are they
they are you
they're your death
but too much they saw too much they knew
all the love and all the wisdom
were desecrated by envy
and their souls were blackened by evil
you love them
you need them
you are they
they are you
they're your death
they were condemned by god
the light burned their once bright eyes
envy burned their wings marred their skin and faces
into the darkness they fell
through scars of mind you let them in
you offered them your flesh you offered them your mind
they made you blind as you let them see through your eyes
they made you naked as you let them dress your skin
in your blindness you feed them
you give them new wings to fly
they make you bleed from your wounds
they live from your blood and theirs poison you
the black angels of mayhem rise from your ashes
through you they enter their black Eden
and yours is hellINJECTION - OVERDOZE

Trying to open my eyes, trying to 
reach my inside
Needles pushed without no fear
Soon I will disappear
Deadly liquid runs in my veins,
pushing away all sense
Falling back to my imaginary world
Nothing can stop it now

Bright light - flashes cuts in my brain
Painful - fire burns in my veins
Blinded - darkness in my eyes is
growing
Death reaches after me 
I can no longer see see
I can no longer hear hear
I can no longer feel feel
I can no longer live live
I can no longer see or hear or feel

Totally out of control, weird life
Takes it's toll
I'm tearing apart piece by piece
Vomit fill my lungs
There is no more air to reach
No one can save me now
Going under by PCP angel dust
steal my life.

Bright light - flashes cuts in my brain
Painful - fire burns in my veins
Blinded - darkness in my eyes is
growing
Death reaches after me 

I can no longer see see
I can no longer hear hear
I can no longer feel feel
I can no longer live live
I can no longer see or hear or feel

Trashed down my life now
It's almost over I lived for a lie
Why did I not listen when thousand
others before me died

Bright light - flashes cuts in my brain
Painful - fire burns in my veins
Blinded - darkness in my eyes is
growing
Death reaches after me 


I can no longer see see
I can no longer hear hear
I can no longer feel feel
I can no longer live live
I can no longer see or hear or feel
or live(Instrumental)The sand road winds 
Into the depths of cypress, oak, and pine 

Spectrum of conifer 

Onward through the asphodel 
Past cypress creeks and trees 
Smoke will rise a violet gentian 
To the graveyard of the seaBeen full blown alcoholics since our early teens
Heavy drinking, loose living has shaped the life we lead
Our lousy judgment has always called the shots
Every decision carried without second thought

Always in trouble, always chased down by the law
Always out of line, always pushing it too far
Everybody says we belong six feet underground
We just laugh at the losers, and keep fucking up the sound

Chorus:
We should be long gone but we just won't go away
Deserve to be killed for the way we behave
But we'll stick around 'til we can't piss on your grave
We're too loud to live, too drunk to die

Our abuse of destruction makes the neighborhood shake
People think our survival has to be a mistake
When they keep finding us passed out in their lawn
Always asking themselves why we ain't dead and gone

Our presence ain't welcome but we have come to stay
We're never gonna leave, we will never go away
We'll keep on drinking, keep on picking fights
Maybe we're too loud to live but we're too drunk to dieWhen I'm dead
Will there be flowers on my grace
Tears dripping on my coffin
Friends visiting my grave
My name. Will it be dead
Or will they think of me
Was my life worth it
Or was death
Who will miss me
When I'm dead
And everything is black
Is it my desire?
Can't I take it anymore?
What's my wish
Flowers on my grave?
Who stands next to me
When I pass away
Will I live forever
In some memories
In fast thoughts
Live will continue
And so my pain
Sick and tired of everything
One big dissapointment
Are you the one who keeps me alive?
Are you really the only one
Who understands
Or fears my melancholy
The only one who notices my calls
Who notices
Who really cares
When I'm dead- Breath of the storm -

Look up to the sky where clouds dim the light and grey heavens seem to darken the sun. 
Firestorms are raging like blazing swords, scorching rain covers the horizon with burning fields. 
Apocalyptic winds try to withdraw the invisible elixir of life.

A dinner for the storm, suddenly rising from out of nowhere.

Wihrling ashen angels are tearing souls apart to carry off the mortal`s lifeless remains in derisive laughter. 
Breathtaking dragons are riding the air, a tangled-circulating darkness sends out silent embers flames...

...just like soft yet deadly poison running through your veins.

Breath of the storm ... firestorms.

Creations and life left in ruins to remain as monuments of fear!

Feel the breath of the storm, welcome it`s final, intense kiss!In the hearts of humans there's a place for vengeance 
The hidden realities of our beings 
What makes a man and what makes a beast 
A monster only lacks a form 

Look inside yourself 
Find what it is that you hate 
It defines who you are 
An aspect of the creature 
It lurks within all of us 
A spiteful enitity 
Capable of causing suffering 
The human beastUntil death takes its mark
I will stand alone
For my Gods might
I slay the fallen souls
Over the lands of the dead
My wrath shall be felt
To be to be
What earth can be!
I am the son of darkness
I am the brood of hatred
I have the strength of damnation
I see the fire in the black abyss
I see the souls of the dead arise
For the wrath I have become
For the hate I shall be
It is all I am
I am allCelebration!!!
I am he, who was created by the Catholic Church.
Tried for heresy and burned at the stake.
I am first and most powerful of my kind.
Who kills the living and drinks their blood.
Reenactment of my exorcism will shift the balance.
Unstoppable in the rays of the sunlight.
Ever widening the pattern in search of.
The Black Cross of Berziers!!!
Using an ancient forbidden form of the ceremony, and a medieval astrological sign of the sun.
Bring me the blood of the crusader, and crucify him upon a burning cross.
Reenactment of my exorcism will shift the balance.
Unstoppable in the rays of the sunlight.
Ever widening the pattern in search of.
The Black Cross of Berziers!!!
"You who have created me, holy crusader, and you hate what you have made."
"And why do you hate me so? "Because you fear me, because I am superior to you!!!
Solo: Blackthorn
For six hundred years I have fed off your kind at will.
I am immortal, eternal, vulnerable, and I am alive in darkness.
Them climax of the inverse exorcism must coincide with the first rays of the sun.
Then I will finally be transformed into a creature of light.
Now I am a master of light I will stalk the earth. Telepathic visions are present in me.
The ritual is now completed, my body destroyed. But my possessed soul remains.
Reenactment of my exorcism will shift the balance.
Unstoppable in the rays of the sunlight.
Ever widening the pattern in search of.
The Black Cross of Berziers!!!(Instrumental)Spirit of war
Which is enlightened in our hearts
By the heritage of our blood
The blood of Aryan ubermensch

We shall be triumphant forevermore
Enshrine our blood, so pure and divine
Protect it for the sake of our future
The fate of those chosen in the beginning

Der sieg ist unser
The victory is ours
Der sieg ist unser
Aryan blood enshrinedThe closing darkness
a mouthful of your chloroform
Drifting inwards
all features liquify
The equation
of all the goodbyes
will soon
open for you

I lost the cypher
into your voided world
Do you still remember
Do you still feel the pain

The unseen hands
holding our throats
The cold needle pushing
through the tongue
Above the mute stars
blazing high and numb
The silent witness
for the amputation
of dreams

I was lost
into your voided world
I was lost
into your chloroform(Instrumental)Ooooo, Just a big black set of wheels 
Is what it takes to get me off 
I'm gonna drive all night 
Spin my wheels all night 
It feels all right 
It feels all right 

I don't need no drivers license 
I'm too reckless to survive 
It's like a carburetor instigator 
Feels all right 
Feels all right 

Drivin' in a Slick Black Cadillac 
It's got solid gold hubcaps 
It makes me feel like a king 
I only need one thing 
And that's a Slick Black Cadillac (get up) 

You know I got a fully equipped rock 'n' roll machine 
At speeds that take me high, high, high 
At dead man's curve 
I only hear one word drive, drive, drive 
Drive, drive, drive 

My machine is making headlines 
It gives me love and everything 
It's like an institution of revolution 
It feels all right 
Feels all right 

Drivin' in a Slick Black Cadillac 
It's got solid gold hubcaps 
It makes me feel like a king 
I only need one thing 
And that's a Slick Black Cadillac (pull over, woooo) 

I got the coppers on my tail 
Just for me an A.P.B. 
The sirens spinnin' 
Though it's me who's winnin' 
There're after me 
There're after me 

Before they know just what happened 
I disappeared to their surprise 
I got a Cadillac monkey on my back 
And I don't mind 
No, I don't mind 

Drivin' in a Slick Black Cadillac 
It's got solid gold hubcaps 
It makes me feel like a king 
I only need one thing 
And that's a Slick Black Cadillac (hold on) 

Slick Black Cadillac 
It's got solid gold hubcaps 

Slick Black Cadillac 

I lay it down, spin wide and get laid in back, oh yeah 

Drivin' in a Slick Black Cadillac 
It makes me feel like a king, alright!Falling through white marble skies
Floating in the primordial waters
Where all the thoughts and words are born
A total death trip

Have you ever tried to reach
The shadows in the corners of your eyes
And suddenly got devoured
By the jaws of abyssal darkness

Cleanse me! Purify me
From the memories and deeds that I am
Devour my heart and flesh
Let them be reborn as a new me

Inside my true mothers womb
I murdered myself multiple times
And the corpses gave birth
To a seven headed beast

Again... A total death trip
Fly across the shining marble
Drown in the stygian streams
A total death trip!

Cleanse me! Purify me
From the memories and deeds that I am
Devour my heart and flesh
Let them be reborn as a new meu mrtvom svetu gde sunce ne izlazi
a mesec put do zemlje ne nalazi
gde i senke umiru u beskraju sivila
sijaju samo vrhovi rogova

satkani su oni od suvoga zlata
i zemlje sto im pod nogama propada
na glavama bogova hiljade grobova
bogova smrti i mucenja surova

od krvi je oltar sto podnosi zrtvu
sred crnog dana cuju se krici
kapija teska od drveca sazdana
krije pogled na osvetu 4 boga jarca

odmazda strasna na ljude se sprema
da nastane kuga i glad da zavlada
da otpocne rat da zatre coveka
i smrt iza svakoga koraka da vreba
4 boga jarcaSomehow I knew it was the last time,
Behaving like I didn't give a dime,
I'm telling you, only a few would let their heart ablaze.

We scream but no one hears a word we say,
For we deny to see the light of day,
Johnny get your hands out your pockets and...
Load that gun again!

Sometimes I fade and I wander,
Tonight (I) can't wait any longer,
This town is dead and I wonder,
Can I get a living witness?

Dead eyes, I cut 'em wide open,
Uprise, abuse & recover,
So don't mind, don't even bother,
Bless your heart and be forgotten.

WE SCREAM BUT NO ONE HEARS A WORD WE SAY!

And now they claim that we 're all heaven-sent,
The greatest evil thing they ever said,
I'm telling you, only the truth fires up the gasoline.

They say we never existed
but we never will accept their reason with another pill,
Doin' what they please as you & me
Restore the balance of history.

Sometimes I fade and I wander,
Tonight (I) can't wait any longer,
This town is dead and I wonder,
Can I get a living witness?

Dead eyes, I cut 'em wide open,
Uprise, abuse & recover,
So don't mind, don't even bother,
Bless your heart and be forgotten.

Let the demons light your winter, let the demons drive your pain away...

Sometimes I fade and I wander,
Tonight (I) can't wait any longer,
This town is dead and I wonder,
Can I get a living witness?

Dead eyes, I cut 'em wide open,
Uprise, abuse & recover,
So don't mind, don't even bother,
Only you can drive my pain away...

Away! Surprise! Uprise!Throughout these scars of flesh, no time to dry those tears
For seconds of pleasure divine unstoppable and all too clear
Humiliated, pathetic innocence crushed
Stretched, ripped and broken is this gaping hole of lust

Peace is found
Through tainted flesh of the young
Exploited to wear filths crown
Locked in a maze of desire, obsession, pain and cum

Disgust inside her, one with the guilt in time
And thrust, then wider, begging to be rammed with hate
Let go and fire consumes the heart with fate
Erase, reminders, of the guilt that flesh does swallowTHEY WERE THE LEGENDS OF MINSTRELS 

THAT WERE THE LIVING INTHE WATHERING OF THE WIND 

THEY WERE THE VOICES OF DEATH MOUNTAINS 

THAT WERE ECHOED ON THE SLOPES 

THEY WERE THE WIND BRINGING SOULS MAKING 

AMONG THE BLACK ROSES THROWING BY LAMENTS 

LAST FULLMOON BIRDS WERE FLAPPING TO IMMORTALITY 

IT WAS NOT THE LAST CULPA WINE THAT SHUT THE HEAVEN DOOR 

WITH THE FIRST SIGN OF FALL NATURE WAS BRIGHTENED UP 

LOOKING EARTH AND WITH SORROW 

SKY WAS WASHING UP WITH FULLMOON AS THE DARKNESS HAS FALLEN DOWN(Instrumental)Enter the house of a most laborious procession
An industry now rusted and forgotten
Breathe in the decay of a chime without reason
Walls cracked and charred by an age of economic disease
Floors adorned by an unintended mosaic:
countless glass fragments held in place by dust and doom
Above, behold eremitic glints of blue:
sparse amongst a melange of iron pipes, like sapphires hidden within sepulchre

A chill rises, and gyrates through the framework
Like the winds of tuberculosis rattling the rib cage
The scaffold groans, the ceiling creaks from which rust-eaten chains sway cumbersomely
Oh what horrors infest in these men
Obsolete components for an antiquated time machine

Soldiers of the weld
Turn the wheel, rend the steel
Listen for the mawkish whistles of primitive machinations
Toil 'neath windows far too high to be of any comfort
For they are the square listless eyes of degradation
Peering in with an amber haze during the day's late siesta
Sweet like nectar, and yet more bitter than any ale
For they swerve to remind: The day within is without restPraise the lord by nuclear ways
Oppose the plan of god

There will forever be secrets 
Hail death as we now dieThy old vampirisms fullmoon
In the call
To thy diabolical one
Of eternal damnation

In the times of profanation
The nocturnal graves
Are calling again and again
Blood and eternal vampirism
Forgotten in the old cemetery
A realm of coiled blood
A dream to slaughter nuns
And to posses shadows

Funeral thorns arise
Giving birth
To thy old vampiric fullmoon
To thy diabolical mist of damnationDoden er en ensom ferd
Doden er bade angst og lja
Med et glimt du skal fa se -
Inn i evighetens oye

En fattig sjel
Sultet i hjel
Dodens kalde hand
Hentet knokkelmann

I solfalls ild...

Evig sovn
Nattens taketeppe
SIik sloknet en gammel flamme
Solfals ild

Du sa nei til livets sang
Gang pa gang
Tatt igjen av tidens tann
Til helvete med knokkelmann

Solfalls ild:(Instrumental)when the religion dominated the world. 
i was here. 
when evil defecated on god. 
i was fear. 
fuck the law of god. Of god!! 
every way is wrong. Is wrong!!! 
pay for your life and save your soul. 

i was control 
your enemy and your god. 
you are a looser 
i want your soul 

open your eyes and watch the truth. 
open you legs and watch my present. 
fuck your brother and rape the past. 
burn the bible and follow the truth. 

i had steal 
the light from your eyes 
my fire will 
never die 

slay and destroySmoke is rising from the ruins.
I wonder will the birds return.
The air is clear, all is silent.
But the darkness never left.

It has been a few days 
since the sky stopped moving.
And it's been a while
since the clouds disappeared.

Still death around.
I am a lie.
Still death around.
I'm still alive.

Warmth of ashes glows,
sears the cold lands around.
Last embers wither
as do our memories. 
Never was 
and nowhere to be found.
Miles away, 
but too close to her.

Lost...
No longer bleeding.
I will find my way back.
Trust...
There's no-one left.
This burden I bear alone.

Deep...
Hope lies buried
underneath the cold soil.
Gone...
There's nothing left.
She took it all away.

She took it all away.

First day of her winter.
Our homes still burn.
First day of her winter.
The birds won't return.Anyways there are forgotten tales
No one knows the prologue of last episode.

Whisper my name, till the last elm down
Call the angel? It's time waste. To my...
Nether grim soldiers, killing and destroy now
Save vulgarian? Tell the lord to my void

Whisper my name, with the scaring pain
Follow the border with the lost your mind
Tender, my tender wish... The king will be kings
Oh my satan, for the lord of my grief.

We thought night be Lucifer. Why?
In search of glorious way, wizard!
We thought night be Lucifer. Why?
In search of glorious way, I thought dying.
Ways, ways to the River!

Of bane at thee for desire
Thinking of my ethereal sin
For what end it go thunder!
For me when are real?

Sad ways to meet to me, 
To the autumn dusk, ring a bell. 
Until you are covered with the snow, 
With insanity, with insanity (Insanity!) 

Sad ways to meet to me, (to the sky) 
From the autumn dusk, till the winter. (winter has come) 
Close your eyes and sleep deeply, (in the night) 
And eternity...and eternity...(and bizarre)

Once upon a time, 
There was one sad story. 
To regain the person who loved, 
An own life was sacrificed.

He prayed to regain the lost time, 
And to call back the dead. 
And He broke the taboo, called the ethereal sin.

But, the story isn't ends. 
The darkness spreads slowly but surely. 
Legend became the reality. 
The wish came true, and he died.

Nameless story was born. 
The snow piles slowly but surely. 
Tales became the truth.
The bell of ruin rang, and she came back.Condemned to fall,
I feel the weight of thousands
as nothing halts my drop
into the brimstone halls
I see the moon
and stars getting further away
I know the fate that holds me,
I know the pain to come.
The light above gets smaller,
I feel the heat rise
The blackness of this dwelling
mirrors the night sky

And cries of pain surround me
And hands reach out to grab me
And evil souls possess me
And show me tortured visions

Now I wander weightless,
my touch is freezing cold
The souls have complete control,
I've surrendered purgatory
I know my future will bring me back
once more
To the forest where I died, to roam
the earth once more...Black mountain silent winds here I stand in the lonesome lands
Bright sun wheel in the sky spinning in the cosmic realm

Demon of the golden star flock your wings for me to ride
I await your rays of light / Lucifer the one of light

Black are the heavens of the trinity
Demons of fire I speak to thee
Forces of Satan carry me
Fire winged demon flies away free

Shadows from a covered moon guide us to the truth we seek
Lightning bolts of Satan's might light the fire on wings we ride

Black are the heavens of the trinity
Demons of fire I speak to thee
Forces of Satan carry me
Fire winged demon flies away free(Instrumental)If I knew what you meant,
The first time u said it,
I'd never ask you to say it again.

But if you knew that I wasn't listening,
You sure as hell wont say it again.

It's happening again
I'm talking to me once more
Do I misunderstand?
Forget it I can't be sure

If I take my fist to your face
I know you won't be there
There'll be stars colliding in space
or are they, everywhere?

When she leaves my side
She'll make me feel, its my fault
I don't give a shit
You're as good as gone

Do you think i'll cry?
Didn't care from the beginning
I'm sorry I said this
But that's how I feel.

It's happening again
I'm talking to me once more
Do I misunderstand?
Forget it I can't be sure

If I take my fist to your face
I know you won't be there
There'll be stars colliding in space
or are they, somewhere?

The angel of dust, the crystal of hope
Destined to be my ride to the ash of my mind
Flying higher, into these waters
Acid stars they let me purge my sightI see nothing we can know
That ignites my soul to sore
For oft, when in my chamber lie
They flash upon that inward eye

Gloom of night embraces me so soft
Minute second converts distress in vain
But never-ending soulitude rises aloft
Lest no one would be able to explain

Shades condamned, thoughts imprisoned
Scorn and vangeful ire can't be revealed

Gloom of night embraces me so soft
Minute second converts distress in vain
But never-ending soulitude rises aloft
Lest no one would be able to explain

Who will pay the final price?
If we can't avoid our demise
This place is often quiet now
Horrible destruction lay thus low

Shades condamned, thoughts imprisoned
Scorn and vangeful ire can't be revealedSilence
Satisfying silence
Nothing more inside
Darkness
Depressive darkness
All that is left of me

Coldness
Overwhelming coldness
Is what keeps me alive
Emptiness
All devouring emptiness
Feeds my dying soul

Thoughts
Creations of my
Destructive imagination
Caught inside myself
Never to leave

Voices calling
From beyond my senses
Haunting me in my dream
Over to be soon

Deeper 
Always deeper
I am sinking deeper
Condemned to drown inside myself

Sleeples dreaming
Lying dying is this me
Condemned to drown
Inside myselfProphecy Of The Elder Reign

The dark veil of a man's hate
Remains as the true glory
Within a warrior's heart

See the blackened sky
The ravens as they fly
Prophecy

Chaos and majesty
Revealed from the dust
Of village that fell
Under stormy skies

Flaming banners
On desolate land
Still - yet alive

Ancient symbols
Arise once more
Blazing - mighty
Empowered by darkness

Shattered remains
Pierced by deep earth
Dreams of mortals
Enclosed in flames
Ruptured images
Awaiting an end

The blood drips endlessly

From battle shrines
To feed the thirst
Of the barren war field

In union - yet desolate
In glory - yet sorrow
Beneath the skies we stand
Awaiting our reignWelcome to the freakshow
The admission is free
Welcome to the freakshow
Take a seat and watch with me

I'm sitting in a streetcafe
Drinking some milky coffees
I'm leaning back to watch the show
I'm already enjoying for hours

So this is supposed 
to be the top of evolution
But I've never seen such stupidity 
on an animal's face
If this is the best nature ever created
We're really living in a poor world

Welcome...

Hypocrites, liars, creeps, cretins...
I can read it in your faces
Bootlickers, swots, tyrants, spongers...
I can read it in your faces

Meanwhile I'm drinking beer
But I can't laugh anymore
Instead horror is taking over
More and more terrible faces pass

I finish my beer and walk home
I try to walk slowly and not the panic
Still the freakshow is everywhere around me
I'm damned to be a spectator for the rest of my life

This nightmare will never end!A strange feeling is shaking me
Something rumbles, what is this shit?
Maybe an earthquake, maybe a storm
But I can't stand it anymore

-Chorus-
This is the devil that plays rock 'n' roll
Untenable uproar, a blast from below
This is the devil that knocks at your door

From inside to the surface 
This hellish din has reached my brain
People are bangin' , a voice is screaming
This groovy madness passes through
Every wall

-Repeat Chorus-

Uncontroll noise, roaring hiss
No one can catch it, nothing can repel it
Sounding pain, blaring hate
Bellowing creaking, now the earth is 
Screaming

-Repeat Chorus-Nocturnal triple entity queen
You that guard cosmos keys
Lead us in the underground realm with torches in our hand.
Join in the nocturnal sabbath with dead souls,souls without burial!
Hecate mistress of death
Hecate goddess of nocturnal beings
Hecate mistress of death
Hecate goddess of nocturnal beings
During third lunar phase nights,waning black moon of destruction and death!
Invite us to spirit's dance,we'll take them by the right hand.
Sprinkled with ointments
we'll fly to hell valley and we'll rejoined to sabbath with deads!
Inside a cave we'll stake three lighted torches into the ground and the triple secret will be revaeled.Mother north - how can they sleep while their beds are burning ?
Mother north - your fields are bleeding

Memories... The invisible wounds
pictures that enshrine your throne (gone?)

A Future benighted still they are blind
Pigeonhearted beings of flesh and blood
keep closing their eyes for the dangers that threat...ourselves and our nature
And that is why
they all enrage me

Sometimes in the dead of the night I mesmerize my soul
Sights and visions prophecies and horror
they all come in one

Mother north - united we stand (together we walk)
Phantom north - I'll be there when you hunt them down(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Engulfed in murmur and whisper
Drag, drag! No time to dither
Is this the wind, is this the beasts?
Step by step into the leafless trees

Passing by the meek and mourning
Fled by the peaceful yearning
Deepening the intensity of sorrow
Wasting away, life to borrow

Stained by rituals of blood's magic
Spoiled by the obsessed, manic
Command a thousand lives to fall
The Blood Rite Tree is standing tall

Stars withering in the open skies
No more sun nor moon to rise
The world surrendering to tension
Behold the collapse of the dimension

Weltering in blood, new life is here
Blood Rite Tree, summoned in tears

Summoning:
Silentium corporis - Silentium sensuum
Silentium consiliorum - Silentium verborum
Silentium cogitationum - Silentium mei
Silentium cordis - Sanguis arborisNew age has just begun 
Aeon of dreams is born 

Rivers of pain run down my soul 
In this kingdom of sorrow 
I'm trapped I'm more like dead 
Now I want to flee to the world of my dreams 
Be your own god 
Don't believe in the wrong 

In this land, where dragons fly 
I want to be alone no more 
Alone with my cries 

Fuck Christ 

The new age has just begun 
Aeon of dreams is born 

She's dressed in everlasting passion 
And in her hand she holds the fire 

Her face is yours 
And we're falling in eternal sin 
By the filthy throne of God 
I believe in dreams 

The new age has just begun 
Aeon of dreams is bornThe fact which makes the need to socialize grow within man
Is his unhability to stand loneliness and bear himself into it
Oh.... That stupid mania of always going in groups
In solitude feels the miserable his misery
In solitude feels his magnitude the individual from the heights.
Break your stupid social relationships,
Enjoy your darkself, enclose with madness...

Get lost, get total apart; from the insignificant mass 
Get lost, get total apart, from the insignifcant mass
Give birth to your social funeral!!!

There are no "friends" and no "family", 
External universe is inert for me
You still think this is a kind of game???
Read the lyrics you retard! Maybe I'm writting against your thought!
... But you keep "rocking this tune"...
This is pain, is sorrow, is hate: 
Metal for tormented ones enhanced in the most completely
state of loneliness!!! 

Get lost, get total apart; from the insignificant mass 
Get lost, get total apart, from the insignifcant mass
Give birth to your social funeral!!!

...the pleasure of being apart!!...For the world there is a plan
Coming to my brain
I'm the one to make the crowd understand
Pray! - and my family's open
Come and see the light!
Pray! - in the desert we clean our flesh and mind
The access to fight

I am the genius, I am the blaze
Telling you that you must follow
Me in the maze
I'm your controller, hold in my hand
Your entire world
I'm all that you comprehend
Send, cheat and pretend

I'm your lord, justice and law
You depend on me
I'm the one to tell you what you see
Pray! - I'm your leader, your bible
And if I order to kill
Pray! You don't query
I tell you and you will love the thrill

Wild helter-skelter is what we need
The unrest, we are creating
Makes all complete
I'm your controller, hold in my hand
Your entire world
I'm all that you comprehend
Send, cheat and pretend

White domination is going down
Then it's time to be the leaders
For the blacks around
I'm your controller, hold in my hand
Your entire world
I'm all that you comprehend
Send, cheat and pretendThe ruin of human beings 
The decay of The Cristianity.. 
The arm of angels is almost destroy... 
And the music in reverence of Heaven is lost in this much darkness.. 
in this putrid world 
the death and life consolidate in the night 
deaths for all I sing it 
sin of human beings.. 
the desire of flesh..christian prays for a god destroned...a god destroned... 

the nun asks for to the Christ salvation 
without knowing that the mid night your body will be possessed and will be raped 
will be sodomized and impaled... 
without knowing that in that night Christ burn...and burn.. 
.and turn in to ashes...and the darkness will be enthrone 

Black was the day that you believe in light;;; 
mysterious inexistent light....but to hear about it was atractive. 
a peace that never existed...darkness triumphant...a peace that never existed all this is the holy church lied to you... 

the world will sucumb to the power of darkness... 
to the power of hell... 
christian will die in the name of the messiah.. 
the world will sucumb to the power of darkness.... 
the fucking inquisition is back... 
christ is against crucified...and this turn forever 
this is the darkness triumphant...reach into my hands, break these walls that you have built
eclipsed spirit ran, nesteled deep within your soul
removed from this world, evil damnation takes it toll
oneself begotten...
see me as im aiding you
this is now your dream
raszor sharpened misery, acid short horror
severed from this mortal coil, screaming blind abyss
into your own emptiness. death coussing all through 
see how ive been guiding you
go, disolving from, eroding to
self inflicted abuse
god of dirt, devolving from
self inflicted abuse
man of waste, prayers mean nothing now
self inflicted abuse
tangled in arteries, breed not death
self inflicted abuse
imploding, from a deserted shell
self inflicted abuse
freedom is death and the prison is life
darkness provides the sole escape from light
inside of heaven lies the root of hell
between living and nothing we shall dwell
banishment to hell, eternally we shall fall
no longer lifes slave, one with the astrial siffering
nomad free from earth, soul cleansed by infernal flames
death has replaced life, knowing that ive guided you
dream or nightmare it is a fine line
you have been led to a pain most divine
ages of pain inflict everywhere, self consumed and drowned in despair
and finally know that i've guided youThey came from Israel
And spoke their filthy words
Burned our villages
We rise the battleswords
For hundreds and thousands painful years
Our heritage has grown
We spit on that Jewish face
No Jesus will be Lord

No Jesus will be Lord   x3

For our ancestors and our children
We kill and spill the blood
Of our enemies who pray
To the Mary Whore
Judeochristian stupid dogs
Our claws will sharp your god
More than Roman Emperor
Who lets you livin' onNow take your last look the world's about to fall
Your efforts are useless to move a brick wall
You didn't seem to listen to a thing I say
I think that today will become your day

So open your eyes to which path to take
The man's gunna laugh as your resistance he breaks
Butchers and cowards they've been running your life
This day is for reckoning if you wish to survive

Breakdown

So why don't you open your eyes to which path to take
The devil will laugh as your resistance he breaks 
Please be strong stretch your arms down at length
He'll dance in the flames he thrives on your strength(Instrumental)Last living thing has been brought to its knees
and the multiverse worships the King
Dimensional empire of smoldering worlds,
their ruler is standing alone

The earth is a tomb and the sky is its pall
and the dust is the people that failed
Regarding his realm in its thundering death
Calm at oblivion's door

To the victor go the empty and bitter
and terrible spoils of war
There are no more worlds to conquer
There's no one left to fight

The fallout drifts in the wake of the strike
And the cloud overhead blankets all
Nuclear lightningstorm flashing
A shadow is moving within

Something has formed
Something has spawned
Fission, unlife
Born of the atom
Born of the dead
Born... of the bomb

Rising up there amidst towers of smoke is a
hydrogen-made skeletzar
Doppelganger in all respects, body and mind,
powers mirroring those of the King

Hammered iron and bone and a chestplate of
spiked armor all of it blackened by soot
Billowing green from its empty skull sockets
Tendrils of sickening light
The undead lord regards the usurper
and the newcomer returns the glare
An accident of science
A conjuration foul

The King begins to cackle and laugh
Realization sets in and the answer is clear
His one worthy opponent
In all of time, himself

And at long last
Something as strong
No end to the coming fight
Neverending battle has been
Born... of the bomb

solo 1 - Jay Visser
solo 2 - Rob Pellegri

Sword and axe are raised
and the two things are joined in combat
Sparks ignite from quickened strikes
the fireballs are as raindrops and
the thrumming lightning blasts
cannot kill the sorcerers 
yet they carry on, his minions 
cower horrified and horrible

crashing
striking
thrusting
slashing
hacking
chanting
casting

Lashing out with all his might
at the one made in his form
locked in blissful violence
a perpetual and total war

cracking
smashing
cutting
blasting
crushing
bashing
gouging

Laughing long and loud the undead lord
a blackened denouement
Atop their world gone dead the
maelstrom continues on(Instrumental)Se poate face zi dintr o lovitura
Totul sa se scurga in nimic 

Urme de razboi pe fundul sufletului 
Desfiintate de prea mult inceput 
Fara continuare,  ale nedoritului  
Asteptand un viitor trecut

Se poate face zi dintr o lovitura
Totul sa se scurga in nimic

Intunericul cedeaza din prea multa ura
Un soare murdar va rasari trimfatorEveryone could see him
They knew he felt at home
His dazzling ways would rim
Moscow, Berlin and Rome 
High time to go about
A loud "hallo !!!" rang out
First from his bag of tricks

The night is cold and long
Behind these bars I'm locked
The sound outside is strong
The devil takes his walk...

The mob just roared with joy
As always when appeased
He played them like a toy
A coin rain made 'em pleased
The mob wanted revenge
Stifled with agitation
Whenever the law sleeps
There is retaliation

It's planned from a to 
He serves 'em tabs and snow
The savages just spread
East and west they go
It was a ghastly night
The dawn ain't much to see
The devil walks on site
I know just what will be

The night is cold and long
Behind these bars I'm locked
The sound outside is strong
The devil takes his walk...evil lies
souls of fire
master plan
death of man

hands of time
slit your wrists
bleeding out, a fragrant kiss
death it comes, crashing in

slow hand of death

no remorse
the tragic course
hide your eyes, awaiting death
fighting for, your last breathRally round me huntsmen, here magik meat exist
In these woods mind bending meals but they prey, it shall resist
How the woods exhaust, hungered hunted by displacer beast
always somewhere

Keep your guard up always and stay poised for the attack
Once were locked in combat there is no turning back

How the woods exhaust, hunger hunted by displacer beast
Always somewhere else
Displacer beast
Colored like the night sky, it stalks its territory
Met with tentacles and teeth, this could get rather gory

How the woods exhaust, hungered hunted by displacer beast
always somewhere

Dodging side to side don't let it leave your eye
It's not what you are thinking, man! What a wild ride

How the woods exhaust, hungered hunted by displacer beast always somewhere

We've seized it's psychedelic flesh but at a heavy cost
It's multiplying as we cook, our minds will soon be lost

Displacer feast 
Feast on thisLYRICS NOT AVAILABLE (Lost by Nergal)Drift into thoughts of the end
Finished with this hell
End my putrid stench
Wasting breath of life
Pain runs through my veins
Spill this pain of mine until it finally ends
Pain spreads within me
Cancerous existence overwhelming me
Relief escapes me
I've been given all that
Life is not supposed to be
There is nothing else
To heal all the wounds that constantly torture me
Beneath my anger
I tremble from the fear and pain
That cripples meYou watch this beautiful forest
It fascinates you night and day
Just a few steps to go
Could you leave this world?
Join me in the forest
In the shadows

It is really easy to do
No need to be junkie or drunk
Simply forget your body
And feel with your heart
Join me in the darkness
Join me in the night
Join me in the lightSpeaking in Tongues
and with nightmares in your soul
Consuming of senses
as minds are swallowed whole
I command and you comply 
the downfall begins 
with the human being disguise 

(sub chorus)
Kill! All the opposition
Kill! Beyond recognition
Kill! As the elder ones command!
Heed! Ancient prophecy
Breed! The monstrosities
Feed! Because hungry are the damned!

(chorus)
The exorcism failed
now the total horror is unveiled
Relentless Demonic Intrusion!
There is nothing anyone can do
The devil lives inside of you
Relentless Demonic Intrusion!

Clandestine location
To share the betial ways
a black incantation
will wake us from our graves
spawned from possession
enslaved forevermore
shell of the former
sadistic to the core

(repeat sub chorus)
(repeat chorus)

Cease and desist, the ritual starts to take place
All that once was pure is now unchaste
why did you ever think that you could deny?
The powers of evil take pleasurein sucking you dry

Cracking the brain
As we borrow deep within
a million tiny claws
amplify your mortal sin
Eyes rolling over 
only the white remains
Your body transforms
into Astaroth's domain

(repeat sub chorus)
(repeat chorus)Deep snow 
Hiding 
My sorrow 
Faking 
Heaven 
Creating 
Ilusions 
Of hapiness 
Causing 
Confusion 
And distress 

It burns 
Your soul 
In February's 
Melancholia 

Cursing 
Spirits 
Poisoning 
Minds 
Torturing 
Bodies 
Of the weak 
And reprised 

It's so cold 
So perfect 
Warm words 
Have no effect 

Children play 
Above 
Parents pray 
To no god 
While I lay 
Frozen 
Bleeding 
Mutilated 
Disfigured 
And preserved 
By cryomy heart still beating a pain and pumping a restlessness in my depressive veins and through
my loneliness..i still all alone in my abandoned realm on forsaken throne with a tragic smiles
upon my face waiting one coming certain death
there's a fracture in my dreams there's a shiver inside all the feelings i'v felt all the ppl i loved
there's a funeral in my mind for the orphaned child mourning for my past and joy coz i'll never
find..there's a corner deep insight ov grief and sorrow in my life..am standing there alone
scribbling walls ov fear and loss
love...forgotten...pain conquered memorise
frozen heart...growing malady...suffocated faith...chewed tragedy....damn fate...
sufferance community...i'll die alone
Iam the serenity ov the hopeless soulless soul
Iam the hope ov the empty wet illusion
sinking in tears collecting pieces ov dreams
lost in the dark feeding at my loneliness
trying to find a reason for emptiness
dying alone craving for deliverance
pain...memories..love...broken heart....malady...faith...tragedy...damn fate
faith is dead my dolorous fate....aloneErotica

The face that hides all the tears
The machine destroys all the fears

The face that hides all the tears
The machine destroys all the fears

Erotica the machine that seduces our feelings
Erotica is our dream through all these years
Erotica is the shadow that walks among with us
Our dark sweet faithThrough the luminous nebula, between brilliant stars. 
Beyond solar beauty, below the quasar. 

Home to no one, an age of eternity. 
Complete isolation, a life finally free. 

Drifting through time, our old lives we forget. 

Far away from home, our new life in the stars.I'm consumed by the dawn
Initiating dark
Vibrating black holes
Roof opens the gate

I touch flesh into paralyze
I've descended from stars
Born through your fear
Open up the remaining door
I can't breath
I can almost behold thee
My image fades

Absu

The dread prowl around thee
So does the dark night
Slaughter the light

The spirits thirst for lifeforce
Your blood is food for dreamers
Your life easily forgotten
Mass deaths glimmering as red stars
The sleeping gods
Will consume that weak flame
Unworthy blacklashed
Unto dark spaces
The spirits thirst for lifeforce

Drift through voidshrines
Nameless voidshrines
So it starts, overwhelming emptiness
It grows, so does the shadows
Doors move
Watching me as eyes evolve
Created as thee please

So it starts, overwhelming emptiness
It grows, so does the shadows

I stand near your sleeping body
I've descended from stars
I walk through your shrine
I will end the weak flamesI am flying over woods,
I can see everything with full from above,
I am the king, I cross the hills in between the shades,
towards my palace in the highest dark mountains,
into solitude of the pure sky.

Sail in the cold air
coming from the mountains and the southern ice,
my black wings break the frosty wind,
because I am the king of the majestic Andes.Disfigured alone the other side of me I've seen myself from inside
Turned around I face identity it's the only shadow in my past
On this new day I approach it from the outside inside wants nothing more
From me 

Transplant ready
Keeping what it wants from me
The change is coming
What will be kept when all is done? 

Is the image even broken staring back at me or is the aura just showing
What's inside?
No one can ever tell you which image is correct the only one that's sure
Is no one
Reflections of a person an existence of the flesh but flesh is worthless
Without mind 

Transplant ready
Keeping what it wants from me
Change is coming
What will be kept when all is done? 

The fears I fear yet never have I made the change
For years and years yet every day it ends the same
Lost touch lost time I'm growing older not so wise
Mature, naive, and every day it ends the same 

Lost touch lost time I'm growing older not so wise
Mature, naive, this really has to end 

I've uncovered more to the stagnate man detached the holding shell
There's a million ways to rebuild the mind an always changing force 

Through trial and error thought for thoughts there's a feel I'm looking for
A connected aura trying to take hold just a little more 

Now caught in a brainstorm thoughts all locked away right here at the
Start now I stand
Maybe I'll find at some other time my ways can never be changed
This lesson I've taken is nothing new at all keeping face just the best
That I can 

Transplant failure
Keeping all that is me
Makes no changes
I've kept it all for I am me!!! 

The fears I fear yet never have I made the change
For years and years yet every day it ends the same
Lost touch lost time I'm growing older not so wise
Mature, naive, and every day it ends the same 

Lost touch lost time I'm growing older not so wise
Mature, naive, today wont end the same 

Behind the faces which we own sits a long lost entity
Beyond the mask we hide our pain through the faces that we keepLift the chalice of emptiness
Place it upon your shadow
The sweet elixir of chaos, pour it
Pour it on your hungry lips

Feel the movement in nothingness
Visualize a dark fog meadow
With a mounting divine monolith
Reach towards it, touch it, feel it

The eminence of forthcoming madness
She awaits you calling on the mountain gallow
Open up yourself to Queen-Dragon Lilith
Embrace her, devour her bloody lips

One with chaos and darkness
Fly high as a beast unhallowed
Chaos and darkness to rule with
Join me in this room of emptiness

Where human essence is now broken
Into unknown godhood taken
Liberation from life's damnation
The eminence of chaos-salvationI am the one who preys on weak
I offer everything they seek
And I am the one who comes richly endowed
Harvesting crops of fields that other have ploughed

I am the one, lascivious

I am the son of one below
The progeny of beast of woe
And i am the son who comes into the daughters of men
Destroying all and make them want it again

I am the son, lascivious

He is the one desacralizer
He is the son of the enticer
The all seeing subterranian keiser
He is the way he is the way

I am the way...
And you invited me to stay
How ever fair and pure. You crave the wand
You see through me what lies beyond

I am the one, lascivious
I am the one, lascivious
I am the one, lascivious
With magic potion niveouswith a simple blink of an eye
the trupeter stops
he has run out of breath
he dtops to his knees
to regain his breath
panting and gasping for as much air
as he can fit into his tired lungs
he risses to his feet 
with tears in his eyes
he has failed(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)You are doomed to suffer
Destruction brought upon you
The words and lies you conjure
Will forever be silence from your lips
Slaughter the prophets
This is unholy war
Slaughter the prophets
Words of God are no more
Slaughter the prophets
Behead and cauterize
Slaughter the prophets
Let holy blood run free
Christ the idol bound by flame
Puppet Muhammad denounces his faith
Moses the hustler writhes in pain
In Hell they rot with Allah's remains
Slaughter the prophets
You pray for death, your death will come
Slaughter the prophets
Execute in cold blood
Slaughter the prophets
Desecrate and destroy
Slaughter the prophets
In sacrilegious hate
Popes and priest their faith is raped
Spiritual leaders of Islam lie maimed
Rabbis confined and hung in vain
Bishops tortured, death their fate
For your faith you suffer
Abused then mutilated
Sent to meet your maker
Only to find betrayal
Slaughter the prophets
Massacre the messenger
Slaughter the prophets
End your lives, slay you all
Slaughter the prophets
Behead and cauterize
Death of the prophets 
Slaughtered and blasphemedEverything looks different in the dark
I imagine that things that are standing still are moving
Like people I love are dead

I search the emotion
Please tell me someone
Where it can be found
The obscurity that makes me feel alive

The obscure emotion dies
When you live behind the light
Die behind the light

Darkness can be a blindfold
Denying all my painsCome inside and lock the door 
the plague is outside, ready to kill 
Share my bread and drink my wine 
Doomsday is coming 
but this glass is mine 

Knock, knock, Death knocks on your door 
Die, die, with your glass in your hand 
Hell, hell, is waiting for you 
But here we are, let's get drunk tonight 

We know, this life ain't forever 
we know, it's the end of the world 
But who cares let's drink till we die 
the plague can wait until tomorrow 

Knock, knock, Death knocks on your door 
Die, die, with your glass in your hand 
Hell, hell is waiting for you 
But here we are lets get drunk tonight 

Tonight.. tonight... we die! 

Knock, knock.... 

Knock, knock, Death knocks on your door 
Die! Die! with your glass in your hand 
Live! Live! like there's no tomorrow 
Raise your glass for eternity 

Tonight.. tonight.. we die! 

We die.. You die.. I die.. We die..God has been heard to speak
in many enraged remorses
High, high from the blasphemous peak
the paradise was built with corpses

God has been heard to end
in life there no trust or pity
Blamed and nailed, the sins from past
full of god's guilty
In the vortex of scarlet demise, the seeds of unbelief creations
excelling from murders, excelling from lies, this is the road of internal damnation
The scars of a brain in the torment of haze, depressed without execution
deranged of ambitions, a god to extinction, the terror of witness confession

Without sense all the shapes of deceiver,
a madness with no cause
Every time for the crown, the Redeemer,
will he break the moral laws
The labyrinth of mind from the believers,
a vortex full of clones
In the madness of god and fever,
the dimension of fraud

In solitude, he drowned
surrounded by thousand slaves
A measure for flesh and soul
the art of seven days

And he paints marbling graves,
around the land of fake idols
He despised the words and prophecies
And binding the inmost desires.

Hither, thither, oh fearless masterless
Hither, thither, grounded by angriness [2x]

Without sense all the shapes of deceiver,
a madness with no cause
Every time for the crown, the Redeemer,
will he break the moral laws
The labyrinth of mind from the believers,
a vortex full of clones
In the madness of god and fever,
the dimension of fraud

God has been heard to weep
intended of falling forever
Blind and lost by design of will
of trash and unwashed guilt
God has been reapSilent surroundings, black skies
On top of broken trust

A face frozen with fear
In memories dreams are lost

Can a device, read my mind
Just look in my eyes

Black as pitch
the picture is there
(to horrify) but why should I care

Raising hell and they're ready forfighting
I know
by the greed of a thirsty God
war
hunting humans and drinking white lightning
my fear
no you ain't got enough

Shifting Shadows in a demons race
Edge of chaos, cross God's face
They have watchers everywhere
But you don't know.
(you will never know)

Never born of the seed
Took life from a barren hand
Come from greed
Like a child in the form of a brokenman

Sadness in the heart
Like a storm that ripped apart
Walk through the ashes of man
Will there never be an endDon't you know, know, know
It's a violation
I still hear you saying
Such a perfect, perfect night
No, no, no fight all temptation
Well, in a black hearted alley fight
I'm screaming
Take me to the heights tonight
Take me to the top

Take me to the top
Take me to the top

Too many times
Victim accusation
No, you don't have to take it like that
A sheer, sheer heart attack
No, no no it's no realization
I never had a way with you
But I still hear you saying
Take me to the top

Take me to the top
Take me to the top

Take me to the top
To the top and throw me off
Take me to the top
To the top and throw me off
Take me to the topDark... Black... Sky... Blood is falling
Pile... burns... bright... Witch is burning
Curs... ing... life... All the humans
Flames... lick... high

Raped - Scorned - By priests
Slapped - Trapped - Beneath
Blood - burns - in her veins
"Curse their kind"
Wishes - death - to all
Let them feel...

...Wrathful vengeance

Death will conquer...
Witches curse strikes DOWN

Black - Mass - Ritual
Demons - Head - The Call
Revenge for her death
Take - their - breaths
Hack, maim, slash and kill
Let them feel...

...Wrathful vengeance

Death will conquer...
Witches curse strikes DOWN

Pounded - into dust
All - hope - is lost
Hellish - tyrants reign
Conquerors
All - laughter has died
Oh, they felt

...Wrathful vengeance

Death will conquer...
Witches curse strikes DOWN(Instrumental)Cold soul
In league with wolves

Refuge
In the snow
In heat with wolves

Call of the wild
Beckoning me
Living in woods and dreary caves
Call of the wolf
Spewing from me
Down on all fours to howl at the moon

Falling upon
Weary travelers
Nothing to eat for several moons
Salivating
Eager for blood
Feasting with my wolfen kin

Eyes gleam
In league with wolves

Wolfchild
Far from home
Raised by wolves

Full moon
In league with wolves

The thrill
Of the hunt
I am a wolf

Bark at the moon
Bark at the moon
Bark at the moon
Bark at the moonHor den siste tone av
tidens slag. Universets siste
andedrag. Hor den for den
klinger. For klangen
vil forbli i troens tap.

Blunk en siste gang - 
fol det dype morket.
For dit du skal finnes
intet. Kjenn en siste
gang pa lysets stikk.
Dit du skal finnes intet.
Det finnes innet.

Gapet eter morket som
svelger lyset. Den siste pust
- Tomhet.

Du har aldri folt ellar vaert
som andre var. Aldri blitt

den som onsker livets
gleder velkommen. Lukker
og last i tidens sorgfylte
vals. Fanget. i
tilintetgjorelsens
grep.

Kjenn smaken av
din doende kropp
iet hvert andedrag.
Smak jordens siste
gang til det jamrende liv,
og vindens kaos som
omgir deg. For dit du skal
opphorer det.

Den siste tone av tidens slag.
Vart siste andedrag. Ekkoet
av jordens puls gar tapt i
det oppslukende Kaos.A thousand years time dimension
In subconscious incarceration.
My hatred to man, has transformed me.
Into a habitation, for demons.
A devil incarnation.

In the forgotten past, ages ago, beast became
My alter ego.

The god in me, infernal black divinity.
After years of agony and pain.
Hatred is all that remain

Into the dazzling light of the world, I proceed
As stagnant shadows comes alive
In stench of stone cold death I arrive

From the shades of hatred--Mainoun teri yaad sataway--

Lost in life
lost alone
without a friend
without a home

mad souls dance , (Dancing)
to circumstance
mad souls dance, (Circumstance)
to circumstance

Lost in life
lost without a home
Lost without a friend
Im all alone

Lost in life
lost alone
without a friend
without a home

mad souls dance , (Dancing)
to circumstance
mad souls dance, (Circumstance)
to circumstance

CIRCUMSTANCE !Too many people are living in lies
Why can't they see that
The time passes them by?
Nobody cares about making their own way to go
Why can't they see there are places that nobody knows?

We're not born to walk away
As if your time was here to stay

Don't you hesitate
You should make your own rules
Because with one twist of fate
You'll be facing your doom
Now don't you listen
To what they have to say
Because if I die tomorrow
I sure lived for today

We're not born to walk away
As if your time was here to stay
We're not born to walk away
So take the chance and live todayClose your eyes,
There are only empty frames,
Cover your ears,
So you can only hear her voice in this absolute noise,

Sew your lips together,
Words are a chain, words are a prison,
Hold your breath,
While the last note of the one left still exists,

Don't open up your hands,
So that you don't have to touch her cheeks,
Everything that can be touched only to fade away,
To the beginning,
The Scarlet....Thoughts once enshrined
And visions entwined
Around each step that I take
I challenge thee!
It takes time to see from the other side
Of the looking glass
Fearless

Reflections contorted
Crippled age of reason
A play of blind
With no spectators
Dominion of hope
Is what feeds dissolution
Of this life you've been given

'These are the product of those ill-mated marriages thou saw'st
Where good with evil were matched, who of themselves abhor to join
And, by imprudence mixed
Produce prodigious births of body and mind'

Ye who preach
Who proclaim the sermons
Of the ones not fallen from grace
And disorder of light that you belong to

Don't you dare
Don't you dare to touch me

Awe!

Can't you see you're all pregnant
With infernal flame?!

Awe!

Why don't you all believe
You've been deceived about your disgrace

Awe!

There is much more to see if you deny your profound fears
Don't look for solace
Angels are envious of what you have

Reflections contorted
Stir up the rage of reason
A play of blind fools
Spectators on their knees
Dominion of hope
Is what feeds dissolution
Of this life you've been given

Don't you dare
Don't you dare to touch me!

Gather back sharp splinters of your resemblance
And now, what would you go for?
To flash once and burn down
Or to stay inflamed without the endThe light beckons me through the fog,
Great rays from the blood red moon.
My skin feels the bite of winter's chill,
Crushing me! Under the gaping maw!

Am I living? My eyes open wide,
The gates crumble beneath his bleeding mask.
His venom soaks the fetid ground.
The abyss opens beneath my feet.

The screams tear below,
Cutting through the phosphorous air!
Seven bodies lie still,
Pinned to the burning stone!

My hands clutch at the ancient dirt,
As I am dragged down.
Demonic visions enter my eyes,
The ring of fire circles me now.

Suddenly, the bodies begin to writhe!
Fresh scars appearing upon their skin.
Their fate is eternal!
Damned for their thousand sins.

The screams tear below,
Cutting through the phosphorous air!
Seven bodies lie twisting,
Pinned to the burning stone!The churches may decide what will happen to man in the other world
In this world, we the Black Metal order shall decide for our people

Mentally deficient, full of bluntness say:
"Blessed are the poor in spirit..."

Wouldn't it be nice,
If they all went to their paradise
The one proclaimed by the fucking Christian Church
Into their paradise we'll find ugly and mentally flat women

For over half a million years God was sitting
Watching men plucking one another's eye
And only then had the brilliant idea
Of sending his bastard son, fucking Jesus Christ
But now the Devil prevails
This thing is balderdash

We shall let the church to "rot as a gangrened hand"
And slay upon their altars the idiots and the old scandal mongers
The healthiest part of the
Youth shall be with us

The plower with his scythe shall ripe the new harvest rightly
Burned, mutilated, millions of our ancestors
Under Christian psalms of love
We shall avenge... we thirst for blood!

The churches may decide what will happen to man in the other world
In this world, we the Black Metal order shall decide for our peopleGreat lord of the shades of the soul 
 Powerful Main dragon of the depths 
 Master of the chaotic energies 
 Majesty timeless from the emptiness 

 Come to me, with your black light And embrace my abyss 
 Buried in the shaded caverns of the conscience 
 Destroyer of the spheres of the creation 

 IA LOTAN, GLORY TO YOU APEP LEPACA HAU RHAEvery time this year
 This dark fog will appear
 Up from the tombs it comes
 To take one more life that can be near
 In the middle of Transylvania
 All natural life has for a long time ago gone
 It's thin and so beautiful
 But also so dark and mysterious

 Once again the priest is messing
 May the god bless us all
 The fog is here again
 That will complete this funeral
 From a place empty of life
 Only dead trees are growing here
 As it comes from afar
 Only dead trees are growing here

 ...Funeral fog
 ...Funeral fog

 ...Funeral fog
 ...Funeral fogWandering through centuries and cold forests I scream
To survive in such a bleak world that surely needs a new aim
I feel the wrath, I feel the shame
And I know it's time to build our fate
You breathe your lies just in my face
And you are but liars in wait...
I am the answer, I am the bringer of pain to those who put me down
I am eternal, I am yesterday and tomorrow, I am the only one who pays
I am the creator of this divine monument,
I am the fury of your loss, I am your passion and your... Salvation
A new millennium to conquer, a new epoch that gives birth
To everlasting sorrow and feed the rise of my empire
Turning man against his brother
Until man exists no more.
From the depths of eternal seas
I shall rise for my victory
We declare our nation will be free
From all from of religion and heresy
I dominate this realm with blood and steel
Down on your knees and pray for me!
Destruction!
Of all that smells corruption
New beliefs
Arising from tyranny!
Rejoining me in my struggle
Erasing all from the past and lift your fist!
Blasting away in flames and burst
The ancient way, We rule supreme.
A new millennium to conquer, a new epoch with raging wars and slaughters
To everlasting sorrow and feed the rise of my empire
I see the future as a plague
A certainty of death
Nothing will ever be saved...(Instrumental)It's a long route towards the end, you can not turn, there's no use to die today
They throw thyself back to sub life; your blood is on thy own hands
You are captured here on Gaia, just in few dimensions
By false gods made by yourselves
They tear thy soul apart, mutate thy flesh by the dust of fallen fear
Metamorphoses thy mind and transfer it to a lethal realm
Virtual illusion of life, memories taken away
Fear comes from dreams, suffer in painful tortures - variations of agony
Millenniums are awaiting thee, descendants of stellar travellers
Seek in thy past - for the keys to the future of humanity
Break the circle of ephemeral half-life; find stolen senses of your body
And incomplete perception of unknown around thee shall come to an end

I wish I could only know is this life or final death
I hope I shall find at least is this the start or the endSince this song is in Russian this is the translation for all you people that dont speak my language.  Try to learn it so i dont have to do it again...

ALCOHOLIC DARKNESS METAL

 

snow fell to the ground, shimmers like silver, under the moon carried by the wind, souls of wise warriors, on earth dances a force, anger and hate reighned, voices sing of the summer,  but the earth knows no light,

  siberean snow coldness of hell, fear in the eyes burns like an inferno, where the rivers flow with alcoholic darkness, take me upward,

 siberean snow coldness of hell, fear om the eyes burns as an inferno, where the rivers flow with alcoholic darkness,  earth take me back, 

 i got lost in the forest at night i got lost and tried to find my way back but an answer from but a raven, step by step i follow him day by day i await my grave,  i await my grave,

 leaves fell to the ground, the forest as in a fairy tale, i got lost in the jaws of winter, the blizzed covered with snow like a mask, my body freezes over and sleeps, freezes over and sleeps, freezes over and sleeps...

 

if theres any mistakes...blame it on dogfish (90 min.)Entombed by the graven sky I lay
Relecting within - of deepest emptiness
Enshrouded by solitude
And endless shades of grey

Isolation, the only comfort
As the shadows grow ever closer 
Only sorrow shall know my name
Unable to break this undying longing
To bleed out this misery
To rot amongst the woods of desolationI tear you apart and wear the remains
I will never stop
because wounds will never stop spreading
a great big fucking scab
I pick myself apart
I have walked away from the human race.I am sick 
So sick and tired 
I'm so sick and tired of this life 
As I watch you wander off one and all 
Dragging yourselves into the suicide of the mind 
While still praying and praising his Whoredom 
And so I try laughing while kissing goodbyes 
The last idiots still proclaiming their cuntlike 
Stories of their salvation poured out 
Into your vast and desolate structures of life 
As if life itself took a twisted turn and a crooked cross 
As children rise in silvery bleak moons singing songs 
For all the dead never realizing their departure from life 
And the road ahead is full of mud and slippery like birth 
And on your feet you rise and fall and rise and fall 
I sit in the shelter of my mind 
Where finalized and realized beauty is but temporary 
And savage brutality is part of all my moves and cracks 
There is no shelter from the demon-angels and theft 
There is no shelter from the ones inside your mind 
I like the way things tend to lean on irony 
I'd like to take you all to hell with me...In this place I feel so old
Like my body burdens my mind
Every day, my soul twists and contorts
To try and break free
To cut loose the anchor
And sail away into the night
All I smell is a thick fog of gloom
It sickens me, I vomit
All I taste is this thick fog of gloom
This chokes me, I grow ill
In the sky
Where I look, and see beauty
Exquisite works of art
Painted across the night sky
And lush melodious music
That fills me, and laces my dreams
In the sky where I look and see, beauty
Where the diamonds go to rest
There brilliance shades the dark
A grand display of colours
Painted across the night sky silhouette
In this place I feel young
In this place I feel weightless
Like my body is free from mind
And I see what is real to me
Here I will stay to wonder
Above the fog beneath
Now I am lost forever
To the world of gloom below
In this place I feel young
In this place I feel weightless
Like my body is free
And I see what is real(Instrumental)Desolation can't explain 
Yearning for death you can't refrain 
So bow your head and turn away 
And face the night some other day 

Endless nights so dark and bright 
Shatter your long forgotten sight 
So stand beside or face your fears 
And turn to god and disappear 

A long frustration can't explain 
Necessities to love his name 
One hundred years to crucify 
One thousand years to satisfy 

As you die you'll long to live 
And plead with death to forgive 
Bring you back to where you're from 
Let your sentence be undone 

In weakness, frozen in your fears 
In heaven, dying all these years 
In sadness, drowning in your tears 
Forever, your cries no one shall hear 

Fall, awaiting in the fields afar
Away, deeper into the fields belowA good feeling in the belly
And all hope is laying on one card
Played out means hungering out
Like every demand gets gambling away
At the table the joker's waiting in the pocket
If this situation will be going down
Certain that the light won't get deleted
It's just giving you the promised success
On which everything is putting on
Now luck and existence are now standing on a dice
And the hand which is holding him is obsessed by profitImpracticality in this mundane society.
Forever looking to erase the thoughts of every martyr brother.
Frozen with the bond to always get it wrong.
Tearing from the seams, equal opportunity.

(Crush) For the weak.

(Crush) For yourself.

(Crush) For the damned.

Equal opportunity, destroy.

Irrationality in the essence of our being.
Without comprehension or expression of our malicious intentions.
stringing us along, from their souls they sing a song.
A song to set you free, equal opportunity.Wait for death
wait for time
Eyes in pain
eyes in hate
Look at me
and you will take
My misery 
of black rain.

Time for storm
time for the end
Black sky
calls me to take my way
And I must go
my way
To the dark wood
Of the black dream

Voices of the wind 
voices of death
I heard the call
of misery
I know it is
the last hope
I stand for
the last fight

Black waves of the sea
in the night of storms
Will takeme forever 
it's my destiny
Please, give me a chance
for the last flight
To the wood
Of the dark dream.

I...
Will fly with a storm in the night 
The wind will take me
To the wood of the dark dream

The blood of black flower
The power of mandragore
Show me the way
To the wood of dark dream.As the darkness appear
I design my own downfall
My everlasting self-hatred
And my unforgiving call

Generated by years
Years of dismay
After all
There's a million shades of gray

It's all downhill
No control
No light in the tunnel
Death is my goal(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Desperate behaviour, spiritual tomb
Overdose of life: feel the clench of doom
Victim of an illusion, live through confusion

Crush the agony

Blind disappointment, corrosion of the soul
Questions without answers, left to die alone
Cold heart, burning spirit
Apathy, no self forgiveness

Crush the agony

Losing every grip, unable to react
Lost is every hope and the blame is on yourself
Withdrawal symptoms, precipitate
And the cause is only yourself

Crush the agony(Instrumental)Through the night shadows run down We're so close yet far away i have never seen you before Come my way and ill show you the door There's a fire in your eyes tonight but not so fast with a battlehammer I am feared across the land for i have killed immortal men Now is the time to attack Blind is the kingdom of gold Will you be there for the mayhem? Will you be there for the glory? Will you be there for the blood loss? Will you be there for me? Sound the drums I've come so far now Raping the innocence Succumb to the carnage born for battle storming the kingdom's gatesWithin this holy place
A karmic toll
It's poison to the mind
Erodes the soul
Behold this sacred eye
So sanctified
To take your whim and will
And leave you blind

Make this right
And don't look back again
Dead Inside
And don't you let it end

This broken dying land
Nowhere is safe
No use to fall and bow
And hide away
All of your worldly goods
Dripping with blood
Hold fast and make your stand
Or drown in the flood

Make this right
And don't look back again
Dead Inside
Living life in sin

My eyes can see no lightScattered colour
White turns red
Creator of life
Bringer of death

Energy drain
Oblivion devours
Consume and decay
Increase and entropy

No one to bury the last
No one to remember

Vaporize pain
Burns to nothing
Unites with fire
All becomes one

Release of wrath
Anger till the end
Infernal core
A newborn rage

Incineration in the orion arm
Burning of the monoliths

History erased
Silenced forever
Perished in flames
Consumed by time

Red turned white
Infinite peace
Barren landscape
Lifeless fields(Instrumental)The cracked illusion splinters sunlight
back into the sky
A myriad golden colours echo dreams
of times gone by
Until a blind man passing by
tramples on the remnants of
the shadows of the past

As the dream fades,the queen of spades 
starts to smile
The joker dances before the court
for a while
The king resplendent in his robes
sits majestically on the throne
as the night hides another lonely cry

Unknowing the blind man travels on 
Oblivious of the damage done
Not noticing the the shimmering reflections
slowly die
as the night hides another lonely cry(Instrumental)MAGIC LIES
HOPE FOR FOOLS
POWER OF ILLUSION
SO SWEET AND SO BITTER

IT'S EASY TO GET LOST
WHEN YOU'VE GOT NOTHING TO WORRY
EXEPT FOR ETERNITY
ETERNITY IN HELL

AN EXORCISM IN A CAVE
OF THE FANCY LOCAL DEVIL
AFTER ALL THOSE YEARS OF VAIN
IT SEEMS TO BE IRONIC

BROKEN DREAMS
LIKE BROKEN WINGS
NOT EVERY ONE LIVES TO FLY

BUT ILLUSION IS REAL
WHEN IT HURTS AND STABS
WHEN IT BURNS LIKE AN ACID
WHEN IT DRIVES YOU MAD

AN EXORCISM IN A CAVE
OF THE FANCY LOCAL DEVIL
AFTER ALL THOSE YEARS OF VAIN
IT SEEMS TO BE IRONIC

IN THE WICKED WORLD
OF FALSE IDOLS
TO BREATH HOPE IS TO DIE

BUT ILLUSION IS REAL
WHEN IT HURTS AND STABS
WHEN IT BURNS LIKE AN ACID
WHEN IT DRIVES YOU MAD(Instrumental)(Instrumental)(Instrumental)Do you see the shadows faultless
Do you fear the widows dancing
I've waited so damn long
Now is the time to burn
You died within my hands
I had the key that burns within

Save me from damnation
See that I will end up in your sea

But now the time has come
All guilt will be revealed
You died within my hands
I had the key that burns within

Down beneath the frigid sea
Eyes were swollen
Like they were on me
Yeah we drowned and so set free
Voices inside me like they used to be

You died in secret hands
I suffered your disease
By thy blood we search for love
But no-one enters meWe hear a call
all our brothers in the abyss
we attend to the call
the day when the sun is hidden

The march has started
rivers stained of red
the blood that feed our hate
this hatred that fuel our being

The Eclipse opened our way
summoning all my brothers
where thunders collide against the mountains
I offer a sacrifice to satisfy our appetite

The march has started
rivers stained of red
the blood that feed our hate
this hatred that fuel our being

Withered meadows burning in fire
Symbols of blood that serve to our return
Our domain is under the solar eclipse
where we decide who is the sacrificed one

Because we are the beings of darknessI'll tell you what I've done
I'll tell you what I'll do
Been driving all nite just to get close to you
Baby Babe - I'm moving so fast
You'd better come on

The moon is alright
The freeway's heading south
My heart is going Boom!
There's a strange taste in my mouth
Baby Babe - I'm moving real fast
So try to hold on
Try to hold on!

Sleeping in my car - I will undress you
Sleeping in my car - I will caress you
Staying in the back seat of my car making up

So come out tonight
I'll take you for a ride
This steamy ol' wagon
The radio is getting wild
Baby Babe - we're moving so fast
I try to hang on
Try to hang on!

Sleeping in my car - I will undress you
Sleeping in my car - I will caress you
Staying in the back seat of my car making love, oh yea!

Sleeping in my car - I will possess you
Sleeping in my car - certainly bless you
Laying in the back seat of my car making up

The night is so pretty and so young
The night is so pretty and so young
So very young...

Sleeping in my car - I will undress you
Sleeping in my car - I will caress you
Staying in the back seat of my car making love to you

Sleeping in my car - I will possess you
Sleeping in my car - certainly bless you
Laying in the back seat of my car making up

I will undress you
I will undress you.
The night is so pretty and so young(Instrumental)Chara


Time is melting down,
                                  Run!
Crime is just to stop,
                                 Run!
Don't glance back
                            Move!
Forward without a doubt
                            Move!


Stars merged to white lines
                                            Speed!
Time when hope must die
                                         Now!
Clean your head of sweet
                                          Lies!
You should hurry and live
                                         Fast!


Your goal is death
                             Run!
End is near, don't fear
                             Run!
Time is melting down,
                                  Run!
Crime is just to stop,
                                 Run!




Run! Run, Chara, run!


Life it is a run
                     For death.
It hasn't any purpose,
                     But death.
The road you run is straight
                     And clear.
Shut down your thought and run,
                      Run!


Run! Run, Chara, run!Woe
Lays down upon my soul
Dreams
Fray the edges of this insanity

I've seen the end
And it's covered in flies

Scars like rivers run so deep
And well upon the surface of my skin
Pale and trembling half asleep
So weary and cold within

Sorrow cuts like a blade
As blue lips part
Rendered as a shade
Humanity thus unmade

Each thought a barb
Each promise a vow
Each scream a prayer
That shreds away another layer

Close the door on your way out
I'm drowning in a miasma
Of your own making
I've smelled the sorow

I have no strength left to hide
I have nothing left to hide

Huddled in rags
Stopped, this pale corpse
Shuns the sun is left to burnSomewhere in the darkness the Evil One cries
The air is electric, fire in the skies
Somewhere an echo, a shadow in black
Souls for the demons, flesh for the pact

Bow to the warrior, living in his crime
Bow to the warrior, conquering through time
Bow low to the warrior, sorcerer of the mind
Feeding the demons a mystical rhyme

Up from the darkness, the great beast of black
The Devil is riding high on his back
Innocent victims, their fate he contrives
And herded to slaughter, they cry for their livesLook at what`s out comin` there, 'bout to invade my place.
Society is outside and wants to kick me in the face.
The zombies can`t see cause their eyes are stained with their own blood.
They can`t see that they are the ones who`ve been pushed down in the mud.

Your silhouettes, once you were human, before you went down.
But mind-degeneration came and knocked you to the ground.
You sit and watch a tv show as hell is breakin`loose.

No more livin` people - just movin' bones - a bunch of TV idols and a million mindless clones

Virtual paradise, hellfire in disguise
And when we're through with you, you gladly beat yourself to death
Zombie nation steals your last breath

Industrial chieftains are the last ones who care if you die.
They wank in mockery and throw cum into your eye.
Fight the system but you don`t know what you`re talking about.
Cause if you really meant it you`d have to blow your brains out

No more livin` people - just movin' bones - a bunch of TV idols and a million mindless clones

Virtual paradise, hellfire in disguise
And when we're through with you, you gladly beat yourself to death
We are million mindless clones, just movin' bones
Zombie nation steals your last breathPills of recreation, made to heal
Can be used, to mommit deadly kill
Aching in the head, a flapping butterfly
The thoughts in past, in present , in future

Take them, take them!

Your feel yourself tired and lonely
Already nothing and no one can help
Shapes morphing into some strange visions
The flapping butterlfy takes rest on your head

Take them, Take them!

Every sound changes into white noise
The hated world sinks on the ocean of reality
Your pathetic body falls into inconciousness
The flapping butterfly slowly fades away
Take them, take them!

The work is done, everythig is done
The ruins once called an existence
Will be apart of the cosmic rivers
It's done, it's done, it is the end

Tha flapping butterfly closes his wings
And rests on another lost soulGets open the gates to a new age
A new beginning to life evolves
The end of future is nearer
To reborn better destruction is matter

Signs of decadence. we all can see
Destruction eminence. we all can fell
Faith is useless. no future no choice
There will not tomorrow. we will die

Alignment 2012. it`s an imminent fate
Alignment 2012. the extinction of human race

High technology doesn`t work
Against natural disasters
Pain despair in the third world
Human interference cannot prevent

Every day in the news we can see
The nature disharmony
Every day in our lives we can feel
The chaos supremacy"corpora lente augescent rito extinguuntur:cineria gloria sera est"

Sepulchral fog
On my stinking breath
Views drained
from color and frame

Lucid Inferno in Fiery Haze
Incinerate:Get ablaze

Vultures gather
swirling high
round and round
the mystic sky
Eagerly awaiting
on Smoldering bones
Scorching feathers 
upon Death's throne

Lucid Inferno in Fiery Haze
Incinerate:Get ablaze

The farewell of patterns:share the hollow from the pace
By the call of it's initiation:and the wanting from the graves

Sepulchral fog
On my stinking breath
Views drained
from color and frame

An impetuous alliance
departing my flesh
Indulge into twilight
Bereft of any doubt

Lucid Inferno in Fiery Haze
Incinerate:Get ablazeSaying sorry 
With all these excuses 
Is another stab in my flesh 
You told me not to come 
So I should better take my own way 

Our dreams became nightmares 
In time of a fingers clap 
Fire dies inside of me 
The voice of reason is calling   
Why are you so wicked? 
You lied to me since the first time   
Why are you so wicked? 

Our dreams of joy where are they? 
Drowned inside your sorrow? 
They kept our flame alive 

I tried but now it's gone 
It is (only) a murmur in the wind 
Your mind is hard to understand 
(We should) leave our souls alone 

Please stop this now 
Cause it's gone too far, 
It's gone too far 
If the world is nothing more than this 
I'd better kill myself right awayEnding the dreams of human form.
The image of man's desire to suffer laps deep in the unconsciousness.
The man adores the shape and image of you.
Since the beginning of time the man adored the comets.
Its tail ripping the sky.
Sign of the coming apocalypse.
Every man had its nightmare: every life had its time.
Our time has come and the halo of death marks the birth of terror.
Our time has come and thousand comets will strike the earth.Red lamps of graveyard enliven out from the dark
Weak and faint presences enlight this holy ground
Silence is torn by thunders, ominous and harsh
A spectral cold and charming sight of rotten flowers

Grim voices talk at dead of night
Black torments, cursed be the rite!

A gloomy embrace of grief and fright
Enfolds the time in dust
Feeble whiffles become the bearer of the unlife
Sceneries of tombs and crosses... As far as the eye can see
Attractive sight invites us all to blasphemy

Grim voices talk at dead of night
Black torments, cursed be the rite!BLOOD ON MY FISTS / AND BLADE IN MY HANDS / SKY BLACK OVER HEAD / MAN'S TIME WILL END / THE SUN STANDS BURNING / DEAD IN THE SKY / HUMANITY PLUNGED INTO MYTHICAL BLOODLUST / WITH SUNLIGHT DECLINING / PLANET EARTH DYING / THE HUMAN RACE, WILL FIND ITS PLACE / LIFESPAN OF THE SUN / HAS COME TO AN END / SOMETHING PROGRAMMED IN OUR HEADS / MUST KILL ONE AND OTHER / BECAUSE OUR SOURCE OF LIFE HAS BEEN TAKEN / TAKEN AWAY/ THERE IS NOTHING LEFT ON OUR BLACKENED PLANETNo mercy for the weak
Their souls are to become our prey
No tolerance for the feeble slimes
With iron will we shall dominate

Behold!
Evil ascension
Behold!
Eternal torment
Behold!
Ritual destruction
Die!

Screams of insufferable agony
(Will) Accompany our unholy crusade
No rest for the celestial scum
No salvation for their herd

For genocide is our prayer
For holocaust is our word
Nuclear hell for the holy kingdoms
Eternal torment for minions of lightOnce more
Gout glide smoothly over the Chalice
Her Majesty's Vampiric
In Command Goatlord

Unholy under the yoke of Transylvania

Forgotten Under the Occult Terror
Spectrum Of Night They walk under the cover of The Night
The Messiah does not wander through the realms of Majesty Wampyric
You paid the Blood of Christ...

Truth, Hidden Under a Book
Reality is not God... For Evil and White Justice
Vampire Blood Shed on Time
Satan and Christ are Laughing, Spitting Semen your coffin

This Kingdom of Darkness
The Kingdom of the Majesty
For Eternal Madness
Wamypric Satanor!I chose the blackest robe
Shadow, darkness before the light
I threw away the false life
artificial and worthless
I kept only the deep mysteries of Satan

Black metal baptism opened the gates
to darkness and gave me the powers
of sorcerers
The sign of black pentagram
burned deep in my heart...

Satan! come forth...
in this black metal night
Master! bless this art...
dedicated only for you

The new cult has risen
from the ruins of the failed
The true black metal spirit
has never died...A hideous voice pierces my mind filling it with evil and despair.
I can not see the bearer of these curses that torment me.
I scream for it to stop but it only get louder.
I hear its words but I can not understand them.(Instrumental)Fire lines my grave 
 Fog thickens 
 Over burnt remains 
 Cursed are the weak 
 Raped by the horns 
 While the strong shall rule 
 Over the sea of wormsLord! To your feet i knee!
Possesed with a pleasure of a worshipper
I offer you my sinful soul
And as black as death
A Prayer To The Evil One
A prayer to hell i send
Mind me I am your son
I'm black sheep living in a blasphemy
A blood-red-eyed wrong-dear
A Prayer To The Evil One
Hear my rotten breath
Words that I issue from my lips
My vocation I send to you
It's as acrid and fusty as night
A Prayer To The Evil One(Instrumental)A tumbleweed, only sight thus far 
A challenge of faith, a challenge of faith 

Cursed of course with your group of co-conspirators, madness plays the victim that with indecision 
You drive the hearse with your group of co-conspirators, save it for tomorrow bitter horror sorrow 
Pain dispersed through your group of co-conspirators sharing in the slaughter 20/20 vision 
Cursed of course with your group of co-conspirators, with your group of co-conspirators 

Aggressively, and with no regard 
A bladder of waste, a matter of taste 

Additives, sedatives, bandages...repeat x4 

A two hand grip, and your throat constricts 
A survival revival, in a snake less pit 
Survival, revivalAfter having conquered big part of Sicily
with small battles and with use of a few soldiers,
the Norman headed at Panormus, but this time the attack was prepared
with a true army and a big naval fleet.
The first fight was naval, with extreme fury and numerous Moslem ships were sunk.
Norman Victory in sea was useful they forced the enemies to defend the bring,
weakening so the general defense of the city.
It was the first January of 1072.
To the dawn it was raised a dark noise, the Norman infantry was ready to attack
covered from a hail of arrows and boulders, when to surprise an gate was opened
and the Arabs they went out from there with impetus
facing the Norman infantrymen.
The Moslems, believing that all Norman attack arrived from the sea,
they forgot to defend south of the city.
And it was what the Guiscardo wanted.
Roberto, with three hundred knights, attacked the walls to south in Panormus.
The Norman, supported the stairs, were in an instant inside the city,
they killed the few guards that there were,
and opened the doors from the inside to Ruggero
and to the large one of the Norman army.
For great part of the night the combat infuriated body to body
and it seemed that the day after had to restart the battle,
instead to surprise arabs of surrendered.
Some moslem commanders presented to the brothers of Altavilla
and they arranged the surrender.
Treated the surrender with the saracens,
Ruggero and Roberto entered to Panormus with many knights.
Comes to the Cathedral they removed the Moslem symbols,
Sicily had returned Christian earth.Scourge of God
The intense knowledge
The matrix has failed
Triangles of light
Crawling up my eyes, flies filled with lies
No one ever sees the only star that shines not
Spaces beyond your vision
In the disturbed astral equilibrium
The whore will arise her body full of scars
A map of all stars
The key resounds again and again
THE KEY RESOUNDS OVER AND OVER AGAIN
Trigrammaton
The logic that fails
Trigrammaton
The matrix inverted
Trigrammaton
Light of Saturn
The logic has failed
Scourge of God, crawling up my eyes
The intense knowledge, flies filled with lies
The matrix has failed, no one ever sees
Triangles of light, the only star that shines not
And all the light failed at once
And the first star to die shone again
An enemy ever present
An enemy hidden by the sun
Into the triangle we are drowned
Spaces beyond our vision
In the distrubed astral equilibrium
The whore will arise her body full of scars
A map of all stars
THE KEY LIES IN PATTERNS
Trigrammaton
The logic that fails
Trigrammaton
The matrix inverted
Trigrammaton
Light of Saturn
The logic has failedI travel through the unceasing night
I walk through halls of the dead
What terror lurks under these black skies ?
What horror comes and what wil larise ?

I am here in the realms of endless hunger
I face the feast
I face the feast

As solitude shines the path
Where I shall walk
Through deserts of endless greed
Their gold ad silver becomes chains

I see a monster never seen before
Rise
From the shadows it ascends
Rise

Come fly horned demon
Stretch your wings and cloak the light
Come fly almighty demon

Empires fall
Drowned in greed
Empires burn
Trembling realms

I travel through the unceasing night
I walk through halls of the deadWe shall return 
I know for sure 
If time won't tell 
I surely will 

Bind my arms 
Tie my legs 
Drink this poison 
To the last dregs 
Breathe this dust in 
To my last breath 
Feed this sickness 
Unto death 

We shall return 
I know for sure 
It's growing late 
I've sealed my fateThe night has come
and with her, cold winds.
The fullmoon iillBearing the tool to create wounds, close to my body
Victim of my own eyes and troubled by your sight

Because you are the only thing with power over this field,
these vibrations


[Searching my roots for silence
But they just scream at my false face]


You bite your own creator with your eight mouths -
and spit out her blood as it burns your mind

Troubled by symbols weaving a choking web
Starving my mind to have nothing to grasp

Slay me in front of myself
Crush my roots to make silence

Your blood burns my mind and I feed this vibrational fieldLay waste the earth on winged steed
Exterminate in their thousands those thieves
All those who dared to dress as kings
And wear the raiment of mastery

Tenth and final avatara, who will set the bounds of cosmos
Great striding blood-avenger of the cleansing storm
That sets ablaze horizons, entombing Age of Iron
To sire those god-kings who will live a thousand years 

Lay waste the earth under steel hooves
Quelling underfoot whom it behoved 
To sing the paeans of false parity  
Assuming praise for an order of nullity

To those who will fall like gold leaves 
Heralds constituting the book of New Dawn
Whose chapters may be written
But yet whose blood will be the ink

Exterminate all those bodies of men
Who bear the name and designation of king
Eradicate him wedded to hunger
For soon his name will be ashes
Extirpate those upon whose faces
The fumes of vice are ever manifest
Inhume those who left abandoned
Their only worth when they forsook their servitude

Who fire brings, and ushers in the new age
And crushes earth with the great stamp of his heel 
Who winter brings, to purify the whole earth
From all those by indolence swollen
Who cleanses both of the world halves by truth
Inaugurate the sons of gods on earth
Blood revenge, to slay the wolf unleashed
Which bit the hand of the august god of order(Instrumental)Serenade in dissonance the choirs of divinity.
bereft venture beyond the walls adorned into the endless rain.
Succumb to rage, succumb to pain.
Heed the call of the darkened wind.
Succumb to rage, succumb to pain.
I hear their voices through the night.
My flesh holds their secrets.
confined these eyes opened, abysmal drowned in black, onward to death,
to nothingness I ride far from the light, far from the light.

"'atrum ventum, ventum diaboli, veritatem deformem'"

My flesh holds their secrets.
confined these eyes opened, abysmal drowned in black, onward to death
to nothingness I ride.far from the light, far from the light.
They are the Imprint of the lost, boundary of repugnant transcendence,
shadow of perverse light, I hear them calling, toward the darkened wind.Lost in the void
Perished and cold
Chasing the origins
By relic codes

Give me a shotgun
And the smell of doom
The taste of iron
I will travel soon

The wings are broken
Lifeless... grey...
Birth of destruction
Chaos leading the way

Escaping towards the rain
Through the passage of Oldarhiah!Self-loathing calendar full
Cardboard dolls in thin boxes
Fearing an empty sheath
Who's on speed dial #6?
Drunk on feces and cheap Skol
The pharmaceutical industry
Gains another fast million
Remember when we used to drink to forget
Now we intoxicate to believe
The worst is yet to come
I fail to understand my motives
Red wine hangover
Zinfandel delight
My 9 ox. day
Turns into an 80-dollar week
It's my job to make you laugh
It's my job to make you cryThis is your pain this is as real as it gets
No numbing enemies of life to tie this mind and body down
I wont lay down and die like you
I wont dilute this experience
No time for stagnant sleepwalking sub existence
No gods to decide my fate
No masters to force my hand
No substance to expand my mind into obsolete absolution
Fuck your solution
I'd rather survive and suffer
I am so alive so feel the wake of my wrath
I am awake so hear me scream at the top of my mind
Watch me overcome all the nightmares you fear
atop this mountain I stand
these years this life is eternity
I will never die(Instrumental)Diseases, an entire system twisting around
an infinite multispace built on single points of no
return. Diseases, from the begin till the end,
a-non conservative process.

Sucking life from other life,
trained by evolution
to be a parasite.

Beings themselves are based on sickness,
every species are at the same time kind
and disease for another leafless genetic tree branch. 

Man versus man, contrasting interests 
will reset to zero the entire system. 

Destabilized once for all,
on the edge of instability
men will fall into the void eye.

Man versus man, contrasting interests
will reset to zero the entire system.
This will be the last survival prove,
men will write the final chapter

into the void eye.Hamburg - killercity
Bob Lancelot in pity
A heating distrophytting
That's why you lost your weight
Simple minds are eating
My password are not cheating
The words are not defeating
My gore-dom... is not there...

Or won't you fall in deep
Won't you feel indeed
Won't you see my eyes
Won't you hear my cries

Or won't you see it deep
Won't you feel indeed
Won't you hear my lies
Or don't ya ?

Or doncha feel the sky ?

Cold stars falling down
Dream of paradise
Falling on the inflamed
Skin of my eyes
Yet innocence is bleeding
Running with my blood
Harmony - can't reach it
And solitude - sweet love -

Or won't you fall in deep
Won't you feel indeed
Won't you see my eyes
Won't you hear my cries

Or won't you see it deep
Won't you feel indeed
Won't you hear my lies
Or don't ya ?

Or doncha feel the sky ?

Or won't you fall in deep
Won't you feel indeed
Won't you see my eyes
Won't you hear my cries

Or won't you see it deep
Won't you feel indeed
Won't you hear my lies
Or don't ya ?

Or doncha feel the sky ?

I want...
I want me to seeWalking through the streets at nighttime 
what do I see? 
Young girls wearing makeup 
It makes me sick. 
They do everything they can so 
they'll get seen. 
Do you know where your daughter 
was last night? 

Why so hung up on the looks 
when looks can be decieving. 
Decieving. 

Walking through the strees at daytime 
what do I see? 
Poor men and women begging 
For some change. 
They do everything they can so 
They'll get by. 
I throw some coins and I wonder 
What went wrong 

I curse the world 
yet I do nothing 
Nothing 
Nothing 

Calm down 
Relax and chill 
Cool it, take a pill and 
you will see 
that you'll be fine 

Calm down 
Relax and chill 
Cool it, take a pill and 
all your troubles 
will fly by 

I curse the world 
yet I do nothing 

Hold my ears and look away 
Close the blinds 
and draw the curtains 

The fellow brother is not equal. 
It's a damn shame 
A different name shouldn't matter 
But it does. 
A different accent could be the reason why 
He's out of work. 
So again I throw some coins 
and I curse the world. 

I curse the world 
yet I do nothing 
Nothing 
Nothing 

Calm down 
Relax and chill 
Cool it, take a pill and 
you will see 
that you'll be fine 

Calm down 
Relax and chill 
Cool it, take a pill and 
all your troubles 
will fly byCoiled in the lair of the beast we suck life dry. 
Then we rise among the stars and soon we crumble 
And fall like insects under the rain. 
You want to know why we are smiling, though? 
Because, what else can you do in this forlorn life 
Other than pretend you are enjoying it? 

Flesh burns the world, creation is no longer. 
False idols, prophets of a new age. 
Is the radiant beauty of decadence, 
or a preset course laid for us by an omnipotent being 
that leads to our genocide? 

We are the beasts in our selves 
And we crave for what is yet to come 
Are we madmen longing for death 
Or just yearning for salvation? 
I seek neither but I hope in the end I'll find both. 

In these times of grace we start to gaze 
inside our emptiness that we've so long denied. 
We are following this vagrant impulse to break our restraints... 

Repeat the 1st verse 

... And see what lies behind our faint smiles. 
We see through our past and childhood fears, 
(deep into our mother's womb where we first died.) 

Repeat the 2nd verse 

Destined to drown in the roar of a sinking universe! 

Repeat the 3rd versehidden, secret
kept from view
yellow kingdom
hidden secret

kept from view
yellow king
ascending
emerging

all you cannot see
things you'll never know
what won't ever be
all you cannot see

kept from view
yellow king
ascending
emerging

find a seam
crawl right through
leave behind
hidden, secret

kept from view
yellow king
ascending
emerging

supercede

supercede the yellow"All visible objects, man, are but as pasteboard masks. 
But in each event - in the living act, the undoubted deed - 
there, some unknown but still reasoning thing 
puts forth the mouldings of its features from behind the unreasoning mask. 
If man will strike, strike through the mask! 
How can the prisoner reach outside except by thrusting through the wall? 
To me, the white whale is that wall, shoved near to me. 
Sometimes I think there's naught beyond. But 'tis enough. 
He tasks me; he heaps me; I see in him outrageous strength, with an inscrutable malice sinewing it. 
That inscrutable thing is chiefly what I hate; and be the white whale agent, 
or be the white whale principal, I will wreak that hate upon him. 
Talk not to me of blasphemy, man; I'd strike the sun if it insulted me. 
For could the sun do that, then could I do the other; since there is ever a sort of fair play herein, 
jealousy presiding over all creations. 
But not my master, man, is even that fair play.Bloody warriors out of their graves to kill,
were sentenced to death and now take revenge,
wizards and witches is prepare,
spilled their blood to free them from their spell.

The fog covers all around
in the depths of the forest,
wizards and witches
prepare the sacrifice.

In this dark night, the power has been released
bloody warriors come from hell
seeking the blood
of those who were sentenced to die.

Rise from their graves
where they have been held for years,
wake up to their torment,
are already on the earth
to spread the chaos.Forests on cragged mountainside,
cloudlets and clouds above,
rivulets and rivers below,
banks of trees and behind their sprawl:
cars and factories like smoke machines
trying to emulate the clouds.

They try to emulate the clouds but with such poor craftsmanship.

Clouds bubble, storm boils and
a jilting of the earth with thunder
as boil becomes overflow and with it
rust. It brings rust.I never ask questions
I just do it right
I live my life under the law
My life is not senseless
I know what to do
They told me what I'm living for
Conscience
I never heard an inner voice
I'm just doin' my job
Justice
I'm doin' what they've told me to do
I'm just doin' my job
I never worry
Never feel bad
Everything's under control
There are just the rules
I have to follow
And nothing will ever be wrong
Conscience
I never heard an inner voice
I'm just doin' my job
Justice
I'm doin' what they've told me to do
I'm just doin' my job
Sorrows
I never heard about this word
I'm just doin' my job
Useless
Is what I think about you
I'm just doin' my job
I never will change my opinion
The law sais what's wrong and what's right
I never will lose
You're never the winner
Sometime you will break, we've got time
No chance for you, no chance for anyone
Surrender before it's too late
No chance for me or a decision
I'm doin' my job, it's my will
I never made mistakes
And I never will
'Cos I've got the law on my side
I'll never worry
About good and bad
My gun and my badge are my pride
Conscience
I never heard an inner voice
I'm just doin' my job
Sorrows
I never heard about this word
I'm just doin' my job
Useless
Is what I think about you
I'm just doin' my job
Follow the blind
It's so easy as it seems
Forget all your mind
Come and live with us in our dream
Everything's fine
Never lose the faith in our vision
Keep your nose to the grind
Never try to make your own decisions
What happened to me
Am I still free
I never will be
Forget all your doubts
Come to us
We have the key
We know all about
Life and what it means
So many have tried
To defy the way which we are praying
Our system is right
It's a lie (when) they say the Earth is dying...Ignite the holocaust fires
Blackest of graved reopened
Angels pour the brimstone wrath
Mayhem engulf the seed of god

Prince of peace with tainted grace
Weltering in spasmatic psychosis
Death's scythe red with of your herd
Diabolic madness sweep the earth
Tree of life corrupted with rot
Deprivation crowned in putrid disgust
A golden dawn stained with carnage
When Lord Sathanas rapes all life

Mountains of dead tower the skies
Abysmal choirs sing Hell's glory
Rivers run crimson with blood
Violating the cunt of mother earth

Brighten the dark, holocaust fires
Void-black graves are sealed
Curse the flock, dead and forgotten
Face of death revealedI've been looking so long for you; now you won't get away from my grasp
You've been living so long in hiding; in hiding behind that false mask
And you know and I know that you ain't got long now to last
Your looks and your feelings are just the remains of your past

You're standing in the wings; there you wait for the curtain to fall
Knowing the terror and holding you have on us all
Yeah, I know that you're gonna scratch me, maim me and maul
You know I'm helpless from your mesmerising cat call

Keep your distance, walk away; don't take his bait
Don't you stray, don't fade away
Watch your step, he's out to get you; come what may
Don't you stray from the narrow way

I'm running and hiding in my dreams - you're always there
You're the Phantom of the Opera, you're the devil, you're just out to scare
You damaged my mind and my soul - it just floats through the air
You haunt me, you taunt me; you torture me back at your lairRisen, From the depths of deception.
Spreading forth a plague of biblical proportions,
Bow to your knees and worship...
The ARSENIC IDOLS!!Living in this guileful badlands
Shall be the dagger in my chest
Oh please tell me that I'm dreaming
Or better, that I'm dead

Fly with me along the rising sun
There's a place where we belong
Take my hand, now, 'cause we are young
Along, along the rising sun

Here I'll never find a salvation
Here I'll never can be free
I need to find a way out of here
Out of this cruel society

Fly with me along the rising sun
There's a place where we belong
Take my hand, now, 'cause we are young
Along, along the rising sun

Fly with me along the rising sun
There's a place where we belong
Take my hand, now, 'cause we are young
Along...

Fly with me along the rising sun
There's a place where we belong
Take my hand, now, 'cause we are young
Along, along the rising sun, the rising sunI am the sun
the bringer of light
I am the moon
the guardian of night
I am the sky
where gods have their throne
I am the sea
the depths of unknown

I am the connection between the contrasts
I am the emptiness where nothing can last

I am the earth
the womb of the mother
I am the wind
the voice of the father
I am the woods
where no way is leading
I am a glen
where spirits are dreaming

I am the yearning striving for salvation
I am the path that leads into revelationSisterfucker (Eyehategod cover)

Screw mommy; mommy screwed 
Lick golden sky like rain 
My sight sees stormweather 
Weathered like wood 

Peer into glass yellowed 
Curtains stained with smoke 
Meloncholy crush 
In love with hurt the rust 

Burn her 
Burn her 
Burn her 

Rape 

This ink is dripping 
A certain somebody 
Whatever these words 
Stood for I've gottten over 
We live down the road 
Things were at their worstEncroaching
Eclipsing
Fall of Man, a dream so convincing

Foreboding
Enclosing
The day of Wrath seems fast approaching
Once in thy shadows
A fetid wretch was I
Dancing in darkness
Lest Light took it's prize
I cursed the Holy
Metaphorically lame and blind
But lo! And behold...
For what a fool was I
Tempting/Pleasing
Darkness/Ceasing
Reaping/Sewing
Presence/Growing
Life is as a precious gem given unto you
"Then what is my purpose how may I construe?"
Your soul once litten in darkness from wicked things accrued
Writhing it is not, once your Light has grew

A Light in the darkness...


Forgiving
Recieving
Eve of Moonlight now receding

Empowering
Earth-showering
Majesty gives birth unto Hope

He hath broken the shackles
Once bound in Sin yet no more!
Forgetting times past now deserted
I renounce my old ways; I am Reborn!Blessed by the gods of war
we enter the age of fire
We' re barbarian and raw
we will harvest your souls....

Await us soon in your place
we will ruin your peace.
Weak ones! It' s too late...
now you will know your fate...

All we need is war...
war to clean up this world.... 

Not every form of life
deserves natural death
We' re here to help them die
we purify the earth.

So now we set a fire
and soon explosion will come
Rivers of blood will flow
the ancient order will be reborn!The last cycle of life
The cycle of sex and destruction
Orgy of hate
Violence and lust

The age of doom

Downward spiral
The path with no option
Extreme hedonism
To satisfy the morbid hunger

The age of doom

Weak rules the life
In the gutter of human scum
Nothing is noble
In the age of deserved doom

The age of doomDon't believe that you won't get high
To infinity I'll carry you
Inflammable spirits
Will taking care
Infections are near
Blood into tears

A steeler
A winner
Makes you metal
To lose control
Distorter
Enforcer
Comin' to you
Gonna take you high

Starting my journey
You'll follow me
Gonna take you right by my side
Crashing the demons
Hold on to me 
Straight into steel 
Now you can see
A steeler...Offered him my soul
Dragged down in the hole
My life has come to end
The devil's cold intent
Satisfy his lust
Recollections rust
Sacrificed his semen
I am now the demon

Rebirth of the devils demon
Rebirth of the devils demon
Rebirth of the devils demon
Rebirth of the devils demon

I devastate the earth
No more virgin birth
Nothing left then void
All sacred sites destroyed
I came to rule at all
Weaklings hear my call
It's my empire now
On your knees and bow

Rebirth of the devils demon
Rebirth of the devils demon
Rebirth of the devils demon
Rebirth of the devils demonTremble...
As this world tears asunder by ghoulish winds of ice
Lucifer's dagger shall slit the throats of the profane and pierce their eyes
Violently tearing away pieces of flesh, sever into shreds a world of lies
Spawn from hell's fire, militias of menace shall arise
...As this world dies

A brotherhood of black fire, sprung from the serpent's seed
Legions of the left light shall make the profane bleed
Awake the fires of hell, unleash all it's furious morbidity
Beyond the spheres of "god" the black sun streams revealingy

Descendants of the serpent - The offspring of NaHash
Heed the call of the blood of Qayin and tear the clayman's flesh!
Apostles of black purity - Sons of the serpent's blood
Bloodline of the black light - Hack to death the son of "god"!

O Qayin - Your mark burns upon our brows
We bear your mark with pride
We are sprung from your cunning seed
Your flame we bear inside

Your flaming blood flows inside our veins
The wisdom of the snake
Spawn from hell's fire
The cosmic barriers we will break

O Qayin - Bringer of acosmic light
The wisdom of the grave
Master of the primal fire
And primordial ocean waves

Ignite the blood within us
Liberate us from the flesh
Baptize us in wisdom
Your dark breed of NaHashThe doors are all locked
And the wolves surround
As blood soaks the streets
Of this begotten land
Where millions will clash, alone in despair
With nothing but spite for brother and man

The pews are all empty now
And the factories have closed their doors
The dead eat the walking wounded
And the battle flag is raised
For civil war... total war

Distress and ire
This infection breeds
With consequences dire
A malformed modernity

Devastation sweeps the homeland
How could we have let it come?
The sovereign's sacrifice their children
For a chaos-nation overrun

Distress and ire
This infection breeds
With consequences dire
A malformed modernity

Infected with avarice, life declines

The brokers of peace are trampled and bled
As leaders and masters, fled for their lives
Rising from ashes we challenge their laws
And embrace the life they've always deniedI have entered the Universe
Its silence goes to all directions
Endlessly far
I am alone at the zero point